Typical Applications for Text Mining

Unstructured text is very common, and in fact may represent the majority of information available to a particular research or data mining project.

Analyzing open-ended survey responses. In survey research (e.g., marketing), it is not uncommon to include various open-ended questions pertaining to the topic under investigation. The idea is to permit respondents to express their "views" or opinions without constraining them to particular dimensions or a particular response format. This may yield insights into customers' views and opinions that might otherwise not be discovered when relying solely on structured questionnaires designed by "experts." For example, you may discover a certain set of words or terms that are commonly used by respondents to describe the pro's and con's of a product or service (under investigation), suggesting common misconceptions or confusion regarding the items in the study.

Automatic processing of messages, emails, etc. Another common application for text mining is to aid in the automatic classification of texts. For example, it is possible to "filter" out automatically most undesirable "junk email" based on certain terms or words that are not likely to appear in legitimate messages, but instead identify undesirable electronic mail. In this manner, such messages can automatically be discarded. Such automatic systems for classifying electronic messages can also be useful in applications where messages need to be routed (automatically) to the most appropriate department or agency; e.g., email messages with complaints or petitions to a municipal authority are automatically routed to the appropriate departments; at the same time, the emails are screened for inappropriate or obscene messages, which are automatically returned to the sender with a request to remove the offending words or content.

Analyzing warranty or insurance claims, diagnostic interviews, etc. In some business domains, the majority of information is collected in open-ended, textual form. For example, warranty claims or initial medical (patient) interviews can be summarized in brief narratives, or when you take your automobile to a service station for repairs, typically, the attendant will write some notes about the problems that you report and what you believe needs to be fixed. Increasingly, those notes are collected electronically, so those types of narratives are readily available for input into text mining algorithms. This information can then be usefully exploited to, for example, identify common clusters of problems and complaints on certain automobiles, etc. Likewise, in the medical field, open-ended descriptions by patients of their own symptoms might yield useful clues for the actual medical diagnosis.

Investigating competitors by crawling their web sites. Another type of potentially very useful application is to automatically process the contents of Web pages in a particular domain. For example, you could go to a Web page, and begin "crawling" the links you find there to process all Web pages that are referenced. In this manner, you could automatically derive a list of terms and documents available at that site, and hence quickly determine the most important terms and features that are described. It is easy to see how these capabilities could efficiently deliver valuable business intelligence about the activities of competitors.

Approaches to Text Mining

To reiterate, text mining can be summarized as a process of "numericizing" text. At the simplest level, all words found in the input documents will be indexed and counted in order to compute a table of documents and words, i.e., a matrix of frequencies that enumerates the number of times that each word occurs in each document. This basic process can be further refined to exclude certain common words such as "the" and "a" (stop word lists) and to combine different grammatical forms of the same words such as "traveling," "traveled," "travel," etc. (stemming). However, once a table of (unique) words (terms) by documents has been derived, all standard statistical and data mining techniques can be applied to derive dimensions or clusters of words or documents, or to identify "important" words or terms that best predict another outcome variable of interest.

Using well-tested methods and understanding the results of text mining. Once a data matrix has been computed from the input documents and words found in those documents, various well-known analytic techniques can be used for further processing those data including methods for clustering, factoring, or predictive data mining (see, for example, Manning and Schütze, 2002).

"Black-box" approaches to text mining and extraction of concepts. There are text mining applications which offer "black-box" methods to extract "deep meaning" from documents with little human effort (to first read and understand those documents). These text mining applications rely on proprietary algorithms for presumably extracting "concepts" from text, and may even claim to be able to summarize large numbers of text documents automatically, retaining the core and most important meaning of those documents. While there are numerous algorithmic approaches to extracting "meaning from documents," this type of technology is very much still in its infancy, and the aspiration to provide meaningful automated summaries of large numbers of documents may forever remain elusive. We urge skepticism when using such algorithms because 1) if it is not clear to the user how those algorithms work, it cannot possibly be clear how to interpret the results of those algorithms, and 2) the methods used in those programs are not open to scrutiny, for example by the academic community and peer review and, hence, we simply don't know how well they might perform in different domains. As a final thought on this subject, you may consider this concrete example: Try the various automated translation services available via the Web that can translate entire paragraphs of text from one language into another. Then translate some text, even simple text, from your native language to some other language and back, and review the results. Almost every time, the attempt to translate even short sentences to other languages and back while retaining the original meaning of the sentence produces humorous rather than accurate results. This illustrates the difficulty of automatically interpreting the meaning of text.

Text mining as document search. There is another type of application that is often described and referred to as "text mining" - the automatic search of large numbers of documents based on key words or key phrases. This is the domain of, for example, the popular internet search engines that have been developed over the last decade to provide efficient access to Web pages with certain content. While this is obviously an important type of application with many uses in any organization that needs to search very large document repositories based on varying criteria, it is very different from what has been described here.