LONDON. — Liberation of Mr. George White.— The following meetings will be holden :—A grand festival, consisting of dinner, concert, and ball, at the Hall, Turnagain-lane, on Monday nest, January 8th, 1844. Dinner on the table at four o’clock Feargus O’Connor will take the chair.

TOWER HAMLETS. — A public meeting in the Hall of Science, on Tuesday, Jan. 9th, at half-past seven precisely.

SOUTHWARK AND LAMBETH. — A public meeting in the New South London Chartist Hall, Blackfriars-road, corner of Webber-street, on Wednesday evening, Jan. 10th, at half-past seven o’clock.

MARYLEBONE. — At the Mechanics' Institution, Circus-street, New-road, on Thursday evening next, Jan. 11th, at six o’clock. Mr. White will attend and address each meeting.

KNIGHTSBRIDGE, BROMPTON AND CHELSEA. — Mr. Alfred Hannibal will deliver a public lecture at the Roebuck Tavern, Leader-street, Chelsea, on Tuesday evening next, Jan. 9th, at eight o’clock. 

SAINT LUKE'S. — A public concert will be holden at the Cannon coffee rooms, Old-street, City-road, on Tuesday evening next, for the benefit of the political victims.

HALL, TURNAGAIN LANE. — Mr. John Dowling will deliver a public lecture on Tuesday evening, Jan. 9th, at eight o’clock.

BETHNAL GREEN. — Mr. W. Grover will deliver an address at the Weavers Arms, Pelham-street, Brick-lane, on Snnday evening next, Jan. 7th, at half-past seven o’clock.

SOMERS TOWN. — Mr. Shelton will deliver a public address in the Large Room at the Bricklayers Arms, Tonbridge-street, Cromer-street, on Sunday evening (to-morrow) at half-past seven.

FINSBURY. — Mr. John Dowling will address a public meeting in the Providence Coffee Rooms, Little Saffron-hill, on Monday evening, Jan, 8th, at eight o’clock.

CITY OF LONDON. — Mr. P. M‘Grath, president of the Executive, will deliver his last public lecture previous to his departure for the country, in the hall, Turnagain-lane, on Sunday evening next, (tomorrow) January the 7th, to commence at seven o’clock precisely.

WESTMINSTER. — A public lecture will be delivered by Mr. Illingworth, in the large room of the Golden Lion Tavern, Dean-street, Soho, on Sunday evening next (to-morrow) at half-past seven.

SOUTHWARK. — The adjourned open public discussion on the Repeal of the Corn Laws will be resumed at the South London Chartist Hall, Blackfriars-road, on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock precisely.

SOUTH LONDON CHARTIST HALL. — The shareholders of the above hall are requested to meet on Friday afternoon, January the 7th, at three o’clock.

Mr. O’Brien will leeture at the above hall on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock.

LONDON. — A Discussion will take place in the Working Men’s Hall, 29 1/2, Mile End-road, on Sunday morning next, at eleven o’clock.

A Lecture will be delivered in the evening by Mr. Gale.

TOWER HAMLETS. — A general meeting of the members of this locality will be held at Mr. W. Drakes, the Standard of Liberty, Brick-lane, on Sunday evening next, January the 7th, to take into consideration the best means of collecting the National Tribute.

The General Councillors residing in the Tower Hamlets will meet at Mr. Smith’s the Weaver’s Arms, Lower Pelham-street, Mile End, New Town, on Sunday afternoon, at five o’clock.

The United Boot and Shoemakers will meet at the Cannon Coffee House, Old St. Lukes, on Sunday evening, January the 7th, the chair to be taken at seven o’clock.

On Tuesday evening, January the 9th, the birthday of Thomas Paine, will be celebrated by a concert, to be held at the above place. Proceeds to go to the Victim Fund.

GREENWICH AND DEPTFORD LOCALITY. — Mr. G. White will deliver a lecture to the members of the above association, at the George and Dragon, Blackheath Hill on Friday evening, January the 12th. Chair to be taken at seven o’clock.

SALFORD. — On Sunday evening next, Mr. Donnavon will lecture in the Association Room, Great George-street, Salford,at half-past six o’clock.

PRESTON. — A public lecture will be given in the Hall of Science, Upper Walker-street, on Tuesday evening next, the 9th inst., by Mr. Bairstow. Subject— " Labour’s Wrongs aud Labour’s Remedies.” Chair to be taken at eight o’clock.

HALIFAX. — A general meeting will be held in the Chartist Association Room, Pellon-lane, at eight o’clock on Monday evening, the 8th inst., for the purpose of making the first deposit for a local land fund. The committee pro tem. are requested to meet at two o’clock in the afternoon of the 7th inst. in the above room. Mr. A. Hanson will lecture in the above room, on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, at six o’clock.

BURY. — Mr. Samuel Kidd will deliver two lectures on Sunday next, in the Garden-street Lecture Room, at half-past two in the afternoon, and at six in the evening.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr. West will deliver a lecture in the Room, Fig Tree-lane, on Sunday evening, at half-past six o’clock.

A Ball and Concert, for the benefit of Mrs. Ellis, will take place, in the Room, Fig Tree-lane, on Tuesday, the 9th inst., at seven o’clock in the evening.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. Pepper will preach in the Democratic chapel, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock.

Mr. M'Grath’s route for the ensuing week: — Nottingham, Monday ; New Radford, Tuesday; Carrington, Wednesday ; Arnold, Thursday ; Holland’s Temperance Hotel, Hockley; and Nottingham on Saturday evening.

HEYWOOD. — The Chartists of this locality are requested to meet in their room. Hartley Street, on Sunday night next.

LOCKWOOD. — An adjourned meeting of the Chartists of the Huddersfield District, will be holden in the Democratic Institution, on Sunday next, at one o’clock in the afternoon. Business of importance will be brought forward. Each locality is requested to send a delegate.

LOUGHBOROUGH. — A delegate meeting will be held on Sunday, January 14th, at the house of Mr. T. Swan’s, Bass’s yard, Wood Gate, at three o'clock in the afternoon, when a letter from Feargus O’Connor, Esq., is expected. The neighbouring villages are requested to send delegates, and not neglect the National Tribute.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. William Williams, of Oldham, will deliver two Lectures on Sunday, the 7th instant, in the Chartist Association Room, Mill Street, at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon, and six in the evening.

A Tea Party and Ball will be held in the Assembly Room, Toad Lane, on Tuesday, Jan. sixth. After tea Mr. Kidd, of Newcastle, will address the meeting.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — Mr. C. Doyle, from Manchester, will lecture in the Charter Association Room, Bentick-street, on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday, (to-morrow) Mr. M’Cabe will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at six o’clook in the evening.

CARRINGTON. — The Chartist friends of the Carringington locality, are respectfully informed that the new cards of membership will be ready for delivery on Sunday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock, at the New Inn, Carrington. All persons friendly to the cause, are respectfully solicited to attend. 

BIRMINGHAM. — Liberation of George White. — an open-air meeting will take place at the Railway Station, Duddeston-row, at one o’clock, on Monday, January 15th.	

A grand tea party and ball will be held in the evening, at the Mechanics’ Institution, in honour off Mr. White. Feargus O’Connor, Esq. will attend. 

BRADFORD. - On Sunday evening, the members of the Council will meet in their room, at six o'clock. The Chartists of the Central Locality will meet in the Council-room, on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock.

The Chartists of Bowling Back-lane, will meet on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, and at two in the afternoon.

LEEDS. - Mr. Wm. Dixon, from Manchester will deliver two lectures to-morrow (Sunday), in the afternoon at half-past two and in the evening at half-past six o'clock, in the Bazaar, Briggate.

Mr. John West, from Sheffield, will lecture in the Bazaar, on Sunday and Monday, Jan. 14th and and Mr. Saml. Kidd, late of Glasgow, will lecture on Sunday and Monday, Jan. 21st and 22nd, at the same place.	

Mr. Clark's Route. — Monday, Plymouth; Tuesday, Davenport; Wednesday, Modbury; Thursday, Kingsbridge; Friday, Buckfastleigh; Saturday, Ashburton.
