BRADFORD, NORTH TAVERN. — The Chartists who meet at this place, are requested to attend at six o'clock, on particular business. Mr. Ibbotson will lecture in the Council Room, on Sunday next, at six o'clock in the evening; also, at Mr. Holt's, Thompson’s House, at ten o'clock in the forenoon. Jennings and Raspens will lecture at Mr. White’s, Manchester Road, on Sunday evening, at five o’clock. Mr. Hodgson will lecture at Bowling Back-lane, on Sunday evening, at five o'clock. Middleton Fields: Mr. Brook will lecture at the the Three Pigeons, on Sunday evening, at eight o'clock.

LONDON. — Mr. Matthews will lecture at the Albion Coffee House, Church-street, Shoreditch, on Sunday next, at seven o'clock precisely.

OLD BAILEY. — Mr. Stallwood will lecture at the Political and Scientific Institute, on Sunday next, at seven o'clock precisely, on the necessity of a change.

GOLDEN LANE. — Mr. Stallwood will lecture to the shoemakers, in the Large Room, Star Coffee House, on Sunday evening next, at nine o’clock, on the principles of the People's Charter, and the means of obtaining the same.

LIMEHOUSE. — A lecture will be delivered in the Limehouse School Room, on Tuesday next, at eight o’clock, in furtherance of the Chartist cause.

HAMMERSMITH. — THOMAS PAINE'S BIRTHDAY. — A public dinner will be held on Monday the 31st instant, to celebrate the birthday of Thomas Paine, at the Black Bull Inn, Hammersmith Road.—Communications to be addressed to Mr. E. Stallwood, 6, Little Vale-place, Hammersmith-road.

HAMMERSFIELD. - Mr. L. H. Leighs will deliver a lecture, at the Black Bull Inn, Hammersmith-road, on Tuesday next, at half-past seven precisely.

SLOANE SQUARE. — A public meeting will be held on Monday next, in the Temperance Hall, Lower George-street,at eight o'clock precisely—The attendance of the members and their friends is particularly requested.

LECTURE. — Mr. Farrer will lecture or the repeal of the Corn Laws, on Sunday, at the Three Crowns, Richmond-street.

LECTURE. — Mr. Stallwood will lecture on the principles of the Charter, on Sunday, at the Three Crowns, Richmond-street.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Wm. Benbow will lecture, in the Working Men’s Hall, Circus-street, New Road, on Sunday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock.

CROYDON. — A public meeting of the inhabitants of Croydon, and its vicinity, will take place at the Rising Sun Tavern, on Monday next, to take into consideration the present unparalleled distressed state of the country; to address her Majesty, and to petition Parliament thereon.

SHEFFIELD. — The council will meet, on Sunday, at two o'clock precisely.

LECTURE. — Mr. Julian Harney will lecture in the Association Room, Fig Tree-lane, on Sunday evening,— Subject: the New Poor Law.

A PUBLIC MEETING will be held in the Large Room, Fig Tree-lane, on Monday evening next, to nominate fit and proper persons to serve in the Convention for the West Riding.

HALIFAX. — Mr. Bairstow, of Leicester, will deliver a lecture in the Charter Institution, this evening, (Saturday,) at seven o'clock.

MACCLESFIELD. — Mr. West will lecture in the Chartist Association Rooms, on Sunday next.

MR. DOYLE'S ROUTE for the ensuing Week.—On Saturday, (to-day,) in Middlewich; Sunday next, in Congleton; Monday, the 10th, Tuesday llth, and Wednesday 12th, in the Potteries; Saturday 15th, in New Mills.

DUKINFIELD. - Mr. Thos. Storor, of Ashton, will lecture to the Chartists of Duckinfield, in Hall Green, on Sunday next, at six o'clock in the evening.

HORBURY. - Two sermons will be preached on Sunday next, at half-past two o'clock in the afternoon, and at half-past six o'clock in the evening, by Mr. John Arran, of Bradford.

UPPER WORTLEY. - Mr. John Smith, of Pottery Field, will deliver a lecture in this place, on Wednesday evening, the 12th instant, at eight o'clock.-Subject: The nature and importance of truth.

NEWCASTLE. - Mr. Bronterre O'Brien will deliver three lectures, in the New Lecture Room, Nelson-street, on the evenings of Monday, the 10th, Tuesday, the 11th, and Wednesday, the 12th. The latter open for discussion.

SINGLEHURST. - Mr. Henry Hunt will deliver a lecture, on Monday evening, the 10th instant, on the Anomalies of Class Legislation, and its inefficiency to harmonise Society.

SACRISTON. - Mr. Mowbray will lecture here on Saturday, the 15th inst.

BOLTON. - Mr. Bairstow will be in Bolton on Wednesday, Jan. 12th, and Mr. Leech on the Sunday folowing, at the Association Rooms, in Howel-croft.

MR. LEACH will lecture in Openshaw, on Sunday evening, the 9th, at six o'clock.

MR. CAMPBELL will lecture in the room of the National Charter Association, York-street, Chorlton-upon-Medlock, on Sunday evening, at six o'clock.

BARNSLEY. - A public meeting of the inhabitants of Barnsley will be held in the Odd Fellows' Hall, on Monday evening, at seven o'clock, for the purpose of adopting the National Petition. Mr. T. B. Smith, of Leeds, will address the meeting.

MR. JONES, the East and North Riding lecturer will visit the following places during the next week, viz:- Malton, on Monday and Tuesday, the 10th and 11th inst.; at Sacrbro', on the 12th and 13th; at Bridlington, on the 14th and 15th.

HUDDERSFIELD. - Mr. B. Rushton will give three Chartist lectures in the Chartist Room, Upperhead Row, Huddersfield, on Sunday next, viz:- At half-past ten in the morning, half-past two in the afternoon, and six o'clock in the evening. There will be a collection made in the afternoon and evening to defray the expences.

NEWARK. - Mr. W. D. Taylor will visit Newark on Sunday and Monday next; Radford on Tuesday; Sutton on Wednesday; and Mansfield on Thursday.

LEEDS. - Mr. Charlesworth will preach in the Association Room, as half-past two o'clock in thee afternoon; and Mr. Brook at half-past six in the evening.

TODMORDEN. - The Rev. W. V. Jackson of Manchester, will preach three sermons, in the Mechanics' Institute, on Sunday, (to-morrow,) at half-past ten o'clock in the forenoon; in the afternoon at half-past two; and in the evening at six o'clock. Collections will be made after each sermon towards erecting a chapel for the minister and his congregation.

ROCHDALE. - Mr. Bairstow will preach two sermons on Sunday next, at half-past two and six, in the Association Room, Yorkshire-street.

BELPER. - A delegate meeting is to be holden on the 27th of February. Each neighbouring town and village is requested to send a delegate.

DARLINGTON. - J. B. O'Brien is expected to deliver two lectures, in the long-room at Mr. Bray's, on Thursday and Friday evening, this week.

HOLBECK. - On Sunday evening, Jan. 9th, Mr. Frazer, will deliver a lecture, in the Association Rooms, Holbeck Bridge-to commence at half-past six o'clock.

On Wednesday evening, Jan. 12th, Mr. T. B. Smith will lecture at the same place-to commence at half-past seven o'clock.

HALIFAX. - Mr. Bairstow will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Lecture Room, Swan Coppice, on Saturday (this day), to commence at seven o'clock in the evening.

BIRMINGHAM. - Mr. J. Mason, Chartist Lecturer, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Freeman-street, on Sunday evening next, at half-past six o'clock, in aid of Mr. White's defence fund.

DELEGATE MEETING. - NOTICE TO BIRMINGHAM DISTRICT. - A delegate meeting will be held at the Chartist Room, Freeman-street, on Sunday next, January 9th, 1842, when a delegate will be expected from each locality, without fail, as business connected with the forthcoming Convention, National Petition, and Lecturers' Fund will be brought forward.

MR. CANDY, from Wolverhampton, wishes to announce that he is going through the West Riding of Yorkshire, next week, and will call on his way and address the Chartists of Bradford, Dewsbury, Todmorden and Halifax.