MR. O'BRIEN will lecture at Leeds and Holbeck to-morrow, Jan.2nd; York, on Monday and Tuesday evenings, the 3rd and 4th inst.; at Darlington, on Thursday and Friday, the 6th and 7th; and at Newcastle-upon-Tyne, on Monday the 8th instant.

WEST RIDING. — A West Riding Delegate Meeting will he held on Sunday next (to-morrow), at Dewsbury.	

DEWSBURY. — Mr. J. R. H. Bairstow will preach in the Pavilion, on Sunday next (to-morrow), in the afternoon at half-past two o’clock, and in the evening at six. Mr. Bairstow will lecture on Monday evening next, January 3rd, at six o clock, in the same place. Subject—“The origin, principles, and prospects of Chartism."

MR. W. D. TAYLOR'S ROUTE. — Nottingham, Sunday and Monday; Carrington, Tuesday, Lambley, Wednesday, and Beeston, on Thursday.

OLDHAM. - Mr. William Griffin, of Manchester, will lecture in the Chartist room, on Sunday, (tomorrow) at six o’clock in the evening.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. Leech will lecture on Sunday evening, (to-morrow,) at six o clock, in the Brown-street Chartist room.

HOLBECK. - On Wednesday next, Mr. J. Smith will lecture at the Chartist Association room, at half-past seven o’clock.

UPPER WORTLEY. - Mr. Stansfeld will preach two sermons to-morrow, at Silver-royd-hill, in the afternoon, at two o’clock, and in the evening; at six o'clock.

LONDON. — A public meeting will be held on Sunday evening, at eight o’clock, at tne Hit or Miss Tavern, 79, West-street, Globe-fields, to elect from the General Council of this locality a delegate to the Middlesex Council, and also to hear a lecture by Mr. Knight on the same evening.

MR. STALLWOOD lectures next Sunday evening, at at Mr. Martin’s Coffee House, 3, Church-street, Shoreditch.

LAMBETH. — A ball and concert will take place on Monday next, in aid of the funds ot the Petition Convention, at the Social Institution, Westminster-road. Single ticket, 1s.; double do., ls. 6d.

MR. WILLIAM JONES, the East and North Riding lecturer, will visit the following places, during the next week:- Monday, at Selby; Tuesday, at Leeds; Wednesday and Thursday, at Knaresborough; Friday and Saturday, at York.

DELPH. — Mr. James Leach will deliver a lecture to the people of Saddleworth, in their lecture room, Delph, Saddleworth, on Monday, the 3rd of Jan., at seven o’clock in the evening.

CHOWBENT. — Two lectures will be delivered tomorrow, in Harrison’s Chapel. Mr. Barrow, of Colton, will lecture in the afternoon and Mr. Wm. Dixon, of Wigan, in the evening.

STALYBRIDGE. — A lecture will be delivered in the National Charter Association Room, Vaudry-street, back of the Moulders’ Arms, by Mr. John Wright, of Stockport, on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, January 2nd.

OLDHAM. — Mr. Griffin, of Manchester, will deliver a lecture at Oldham, on Sunday evening next, in which he engages to prove that it is the duty ot every teetotaller to become a Chartist, and of every Chartist to become a teetotaller.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. William Bell will lecture in the Association Room, Yorkshire-street, on Sunday next, at half-past two.

MR. LINNEY, of Manchester, will lecture at Shaw on Sunday evening, at six o’clock; and at Bury, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock.

MR. BAIRSTOW will deliver two lectures at Rochdale, on Sunday. January 9th, in the afternoon and evening. He will lecture at Manchester, on Monday evening; at Liverpool, on Tuesday; at Bolton, on Wednesday; at Wigan, on Thursday; at Oldham, on Friday; and at Stockport, on Sunday, the 16th. Persons wishing his services must apply to Mr. Griffin, Brown’s Temperance Hotel, New Cross, Manchester.

BATH. — Mr. C. Bolwell will lecture in the room, 3, Galloway’s Buildings, on Sunday evening next, on “The condition of the people, and the causes of their discontent.”

NEWPORT AND PONTYPOOL. - Mr. Bolwell will lecture on Monday evening next, in the new room of the National Charter Association, Newport, on "the present aspect of affairs;" and on Tuesday evening, at half-past seven, at the rooms, Canal Bank, Pontypool, on the same subject.

MACCLESFIELD. — Mr. J. West will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Association Rooms, Watercotes, on the Natural Law of Wages, in contradistinction to a pamphlet published by Lawrence Heyworth, Esq., of Liverpool, purporting to be the only natural laws by which wages can be regulated.

MR. DOYLE'S ROUTE for the first week in January. Stockport, Sunday the 2d; Wilmslow, Monday the 3rd; Chester, Wednesday the 5th; and Northwich, Friday the 7th.

CHELSEA. — A public festival, consisting of a concert and ball, will be given in the spacious Temperance Hall, Lower George-etreet, Sloane-square, for the benefit of the political martyrs who are now suffering in liberty’s cause. Tickets, single 1s. each; double do. 1s. 6d. Tickets to be obtained of Mr. Stallwood, Little Vale Place; Mr. Ford, High-row, Knightsbridge; Mr. Cuffay, 409, Strand.

SHOREDITCH. - Mr. Stallwood will lecture, in accordance with the request of that locality, at the Albion Coffee House, Church-street, on Sunday evening next, Jan. 2., at seven o’clock in the evening, on the Principles of the Charter.

MARPLE. - Thomas Clark, of Stockport, will address the inhabitants of this place on Saturday evening next. The friends at New Mills and Compstale Bridge are requested to attend, as the National Petition will be adopted.

WINCHCOMB. — On Tuesday next a meeting will be held for agreeing to a memorial to the Queen, for the restoration of Frost, Williams, and Jones.

NOTTINGHAM. — On Sunday, Jan. 2, a county delegate meeting will be held in the Democratic chapel, at one o’clock precisely, when it is particularly requested that every locality where the association has gained an establishment, will appoint a delegate to represent them, or else on no account to fail sending letters for or against Mr. Taylor’s reappointment, addressed, post paid, to Mr. Wm. Russell, secretary to missionary fund, care of Mr. J. Sweet, Goosegate, Nottingham. Other business of importance will also be brought under the consideration of the meeting relating to the forthcoming convention.

STOCKPORT. — A grand concert will be held in the National Charter Association Room, Bomber's Brow, Monday, January 10. The proceeds of which are to be appropriated to a patriotic purpose. 

BRADFORD. — North Tavern, on Sunday evening Mr. Brook will attend. White Abbey, Messrs. Jennings and Raspen will lecture, on Monday evening, at eight o'clock, in the Association room, Grace Church-street. Bradford Moor: a lecture will be delivered, by Mr. Alderson, on Monday night, eight o'clock, Dunkirk-street: Mr. Arran will lecture at Mr. Shephard’s, the Robin Hood Inn, on Monday evening, at eight o'clock. Lidget Green; Mr. Smyth will lecture at this place on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock.

HUNSLET. — Mr. Charlesworth will preach on Sunday night.

UPPER WORTLEY. — Mr. Jos. Stanfield will preach on Sunday afternoon and evening.

BARNSLEY. — A public meeting will be held in the Odd Fellows' Hall, on Monday, Jan. 10, at half-past seven o’clock, to adopt the National Petition. Mr. T. B. Smith, of Leeds, has promised to attend.