DEWSBURY. — A district council meeting will be hold on Sunday, January 15th, in the large room over the Co-operative Store, at two o clock in the afternoon, when delegates are requested to attend from all parts of the district.	

HOLMFIRTH. — A district delegate meeting will be held on Sunday next (to-morrow), at Holmfirth, when it is hoped as many will attend as can, as business of importance will be laid before them. 

BURY. — On Monday next, there will be a Public meeting in the Garden-street room, to hear the report from the delegate of the proceedings at Birmingham Conference. The chair will be taken at eight o’clock in the evening.

SHEFFIELD. — On Sunday evening S. Parkes will address the Chartists at Fig Tree lane room ; to commence at seven o'clock.

On Monday evening, Mr Con Murray, from Glasgow, one of the delegates to the Conference at Birmingham, will lecture to the friends in Fig Tree-lane at seven o'clock.

On Tuesday, Mr. Samuel Kidd, of Glasgow, and late member of the Conference, will also deliver an address in the same room at seven o’clock.

MIDGLEY. - Mr. Sutcliffe, newsagent, of Boothtown, near Halifax, will lecture in the Charter Association Room, on Sunday, at six o clock in the evening, and Mr. Richard Wheelwright will lecture at the same place on Sunday, the l5th, at six o’clock in the evening.

HUDDERSFIELD. — On Sunday last the delegates sent from this town to Birmingham returned. The following is the arrangement made for the purpose of giving the people an opportunity of knowing what business was transacted at Conference. A public meeting will be held in the Hall of Science, Bath Buildings, on Monday evening, when the proceedings of the Conference will be laid before the meeting by the Huddersfield delegates; also the various suggestions relative to the People's Charter, which have been made by the delegates. Doors open at half-past seven —chair taken at eight o’clock.	

BRADFORD. — A special meeting of the council will be held in the room, Butterworth-buildings, on Monday evening, at six o’clock, when it is requested that every council man will attend.

A Meeting of the Chartists of Great Horton, in their room, on Sunday morning at ten o'clock, is requested, on business connected with the liberation of Messrs. Brook and Peddie.

The Chartists of Manchester-road will meet on Sunday evening at ten o’clock, to take into consideration the getting up of a tea party, on the liberation of Peddie and Brook.

The Chartist meeting in Butterworths buildings are requested to attend on Sunday morning at ten o’clock, to arrange with the other localities to form a committee of management to get up a tea party, on the liberation of Brook and Peddie, which take place on the 4th of March.

The members of the Co-operative Store will meet on Sunday evening at six o’clock. A full attendance is requested.

OLDHAM. — Mr. Clisset, of Mill Bridge, will preach two sermons on Sunday, in this place in the afternoon and evening.

HOLMFIRTH. — Mr. Wm. Cunningham will lecture on the “ Rights of labour," in the Wortley Hill School, on Sunday next, at six o clock in the evening.

HOLBECK. - This evening, (Saturday), a lecture will be delivered in the Association Room, Holbeck, by Mr. David Ross, of Manchester. Politicians of all creeds are earnestly invited to attend. To commence at half-past seven o’clock.	

qv jiovrow, (Sandav), Mr. Cou Murray and Mr.; the Sam.n-i .Kidd, both of Glasgow, are expected to; m lecture. In ih'-s afrernoon at^haU-past two, ana m] bill

Tomorrow, (Sunday), Mr. Con Murray and Mr. Samuel Kidd, both Glasgow, ae expected to lecture. In the afternoon at half-past six o'clock.

HALIFAX. - A delegate meeting of this district will be held at Sowerby, on Sunday, at two o'clock in the afternoon. Each locality is particularly requested to appoint delegates to attend.	

The Committee appointed for collecting funds to defray the expenses of the delegates appointed to represent this district in the late Birmingham Conference, beg to acknowledge the receipt of 4s. 8d. from Red Bank, for the above named object.	

LONDON. - National Association - On Sunday evening, Mr. Parry will lecture on the political and social events of the past year. On Wednesday evening, Jonathan Duncan, Esq., will leture on "How the aristocracy got their estates, and by what title they hold them.”	

LONDON. — A lecture will be delivered at the Chartist Hall, Star-street, Commercial-road, on Sunday next ; the subject- " What is Chartism ?" To be delivered by one of the members of this locality; the chair to be taken at eight o’clock. A general meeting will take place after the lecture, to choose a treasurer in the place of Mr. W. H. Wilkins, resigned.	

TOWER HAMLETS. — A public meeting will be held next Sunday evening, at seven o’clock, at the Chartist Hall, Grey Eagle-street, Brick-lane.

LAMBETH. — At a meeting of the members in locality on Tuesday evening, it was resolved that the members be especially summoned to attend next Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock precisely, to receive the report of the delegates to the Birmingham Conference ; also to elect two members to attend the meeting of delegates at 55, Old Bailey, and other very important business.

Mr. Campbell will lecture at Mr. Kemp’s No. 9, Little Coram-street, Russell-square, on Sunday evening, at eight o’clock.

TOWER HAMLETS. — Mr. Benbow will lecture on Sunday evening next, at the Working Mens Hall, 29 1/2, Mile End Road. After which there will be a meeting of the General Council.

The Chartists of Finsbury will meet at the Cannon Coffee House, Old-street, on Tuesday evening next.

The Lambeth Youths will hold a public meeting on Wednesday next. Chair to be taken at eight o’clock ; admission free.

PADDOCK. — Mr. John Roberts will deliver a lecture on Chartism, at Mr. George Armitage's, Temperance Hotel, Paddock, on Sunday next, at two o’clock.

MANCHESTER. — The South Lancashire Delegate Meeting will be held in the Charter Association Room, Brown-street, on Sunday, (to-morrow.) when it is expected that the Delegates will be punctual in their attendance.

The Monthly Meeting of the members of the National Charter Association will be held in the Carpenter’s Hall, on Sunday, (to-morrow,) at ten o'clock in the forenoon.

REDDITCH. — A Tea Party and Ball will be held in the Chartist Hall, on Monday next, Mr. T. P. Mead is expected io attend.

Bolton Chartists are requested to meet in their room, Howell Croft, on Wednesday next, to take into consideration business of importance, and to elect a new council.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday, (to-morrow,) two lectures will bo delivered in the Chartist room, Greaves-street, iu the afternoon at two o’clock, by Mr. Clark, of Stockport, and in the evening at six, by Mr. Alderson. of Bradford.

BIRMINGHAM. — White’s Defence Committee.— The above committee is requested to meet at the Chartist room, Aston-street, at two o’clock, on Sunday next, on particular business.
