LONDON. - Immortal Thomas Paine. — A public supper, in commemoration of the birth of Thomas Paine, will take place on Monday, the 20th inst., in the large room of the Two Brewers, Vine-street, Hatton Garden. Feargus O’Connor, Esq., is invited. 

Mr. Carter will deliver an address, in the Institution, Turnagain-lane, on Sunday evening (to-morrow), the 14th instant, to commence at seven precisely.

SOMERS TOWN. - Mr. E. Mantz will deliver an address, at the Bricklayers' Arms, Tonbridge-street, Cromer-street, on Sunday evening next, the 14th instant.

THE UNITED BOOT AND SHOEMAKERS, Cannon Coffee House, Old Street, St. Luke’s, will meet on Sunday evening, the 14th instant; to discuss the following question : - " What is the best calculated to improve the condition of the working classes - Teetotalism or Chartism?"

SOUTH LONDON CHARTIST HALL. — Mr. Ruffy Ridley will lecture at the above Hall, on Sunday, the 14th instant, at seven o’clock in the evening. Mr. B. O’Brien will lecture at the above Hall, on Sunday, the 2lst inst. at seven o’clock in the evening. Subject— "The rights of property."

TOWER HAMLETS. — Mr. Skelton will deliver a public lecture at the Fox and Hounds, Hare-street, Brick-lane, on Sunday evening (Jan. 14th), to commence at half-past seven precisely. 

WESTMINSTER. — Mr. Gardener will deliver a public lecture in the large room of the Golden Lion, Dean-street, Soho, on Sunday evening, January the 14th.

WATERLOO TOWN. — Mr. A. Hannibal will deliver an address at the Crown and Anchor Tavern, Cheshire-street, on Sunday evening next, January 14th.

HALL, TURNAGAIN-LANE. — Mr. J. Sewell wilI lecture on Tuesday evening next, January 16th.

Free Trade Fallacies. — Mr. J. B. O’Brien will deliver a lecture on the above subject, in the Hall, Turnagain-lane, on Monday evening next, January the 16th; to commence at eight o’clock. 

Mr. Sewell will lecture on Sunday evening at the Bricklayers’ Arms, Tonbridge-street, New Road.

Mr. Gardner will deliver a lecture at the Golden Lion, Dean-street, Soho, on Suuday the 14th at eight o'clock.

A meeting of the Chartists will be held at the Black Bull Inn, Hammersmith-road, on Tuesday evening next, January 16th, 1844, at half past seven.	

CAMBERWELL. — A public meeting will be held at the Cock Tavern, Camberwell-green, on Friday evening next, at eight o'clock.

SHEFFIELD. — A lecture will be delivered at the room, Fig-tree-lane, on Sunday evening, at half past six o’clock.

A general meeting will take place on Sunday evening, Jan. 14th, at the White Horse Locality, St. Mary-street, Whitechapel, at eight o’clock.

HALIFAX. — Mr. James Bowden will lecture at the Chartist Association Room, Pellon-lane, on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, at six o’clock.

The Tribute,—As the Halifax Tribute Money will be forwarded to the proper quarter on Monday next,1 those holding monies for that purpose; are requested to hand it in on Sunday (to-morrow) at the latest.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. James Mills, of Whitworth, will deliver two lectures on Sunday next, in the Chartist Association Room, at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six in the evening.

Mr. Clark’s Route. — Monday, Totness; Tuesday, Torquay; Wednesday, Newton-Bushell; Thursday, Teignmouth; Friday and Saturday, Exeter.

HANLEY. - A general meeting of the Chartists of Hanlay and Shelton will take place on Monday evening, January 15th, at Mr. Jeremiah Yates’s Temperance Hotel, Miles-bank.

Mr. Leach’s Route for the ensuing fortnight. - On Sunday, the 14th inst, at Carpenters’ Hall, Manchester ; Monday, 15th, Oldham ; Tuesday, 16th, Stalybridge; Wednesday, 17th, Ashton; Thursday, 18th, Droylsden; Friday, 10th, Hollinwood; Monday, 22nd, Hyde; Tuesday 23rd, Bolton; Wednesday, 24th, Bury; Thursday, 25th, Failsworth; and Friday, 26th, Newton-Heath.

BURY. - Mr. Samuel Kidd, of Glasgow, will give two lectures in the Garden-street Lecture Room, on Sunday next, at half-past two in the afternoon and as six in the evening.

Mr. Bairstow’s Route for the next fortnight : - Jan, 13th, Burnley; 16th, Padiham ; 17th, Colne; 18th, Barnoldswick; 19th, Sabden; 20th, Clitheroe; 22d, Preston ; 23rd, Chorley ; 24th, Blackburn ; 25th, Accrington ; 26th, Haslingden ; 27th, Bacup.

STOCKPORT. — Mr. Daley, of Manchester, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Bamber Brow, on Sunday evening next, at half-past six.

Mr. Doyle’s Route for the ensuing fortnight; under the Executive : —On Sunday, the 14th inst, at Oldham, at six o'clock in the evening ; Monday, the 15th, at Wigan ; Tuesday, the 16th, at Hindley ; Wednesday, the 17th, at Lamberhead Green ; Thursday, the 18th, at St. Helen’s; Sunday, the 21st, at Liverpool; Monday, the 22nd, at Birkenhead ; Tuesday, the 23rd, at Prescott; Wednesday, the 24th, Warrington; and Thursday, the 25th, at Leigh.
