LONDON. — Globe Fields. — Mr. Stallwood will lecture at the Hit or Miss Inn, West-street, Globe Fields, on Sunday evening next.

Lecture. —A lecture will be delivered on Sunday next, at the Boot and Shoemakers’ Charter Association, Star Coffee House, Golden Lane.

HAMMERSMITH. — Mr. Ruffy Ridley will lecture at the Black Bull Inn, Hammersmith Road, " On the appropriation of the soil,” on Tuesday evening, January 15th, at half-past seven o’clock precisely.

Mr. M‘Grath will lecture at the Political and Scientific institution, Old Bailey, on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock precisely.

Lecture. —A lecture in furtherance of the Chartist cause will be delivered at the Albion Coffee House, Church-street, Shoreditch, on Sunday next.

Mr. Ruffy Ridley will lecture " On the appropriation of the soil,” at the Three Crowns, Richmond-street, Soho, on Sunday next.

Mr. John Watkins will lecture to the tailors at the Red Lion Inn, King-street, Golden Square, on Sunday next.

BERMONDSEY. — The Hatters’ National Charter Association have removed from the Skinners’ Arms to the Brown Bear, Southwark Bridge Road, where they can be accommodated with a large room calculated to hold two or three hundred persons. They are steadily progressing in numbers; several are converts from the League, and are now convinced that nothing but the Charter can save the working man. A general meeting was to take place on Wednesday evening, January 12th, to devise means to raise funds for the Executive, and to elect a delegate to the Council at the Old Bailey. It is also resolved to invite Dr. M‘Douall to deliver a lecture “ On the necessity of the trades declaring in favour of the Charter,” from which we anticipate a large accession of strength.

A business meeting of great importance will be held at the Chartist Hall, China Walk, Lambeth, on Tuesday evening. The members are earnestly requested to be present.

A public meeting will he held on Monday evening, at halt-past seven, at the King's Head Inn, Wandsworth.

A public meeting will be held at the Horns Tavern, Bermondsey, on Tuesday night. The members residing in this locality are requested to be resent, as business of most urgent importance will be brought forward.

A meeting will be held on Sunday next, at the Rising Sun Tavern, Croydon.

HAMMERSMITH. — A public dinner, in commemoration of the birth of Paine, will be held in the spacious rooms of the Black Bull Inn, Hammersmith Road, on Monday evening, January 31st, Single tickets, 2s. each; double tickets, to admit a lady and gentleman, 3s. 6d. each.

BERMONDSEY. — Mr. Jones will give a lecture on the People’s Charter, on Monday evening, Jan, 17, to the members of the Mental Improvement Society, at a quarter past eight o’clock, at the Falcon Coffee House, Star Corner.

Mr. Roger Sherman will lecture on Monday week, Jan. 24, subject — the London Journeymen’s Trades Hall. No charge for admission.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Thomas Preston will lecture at the Working Men’s Hall, Circus-street, New-road, on Sunday evening, at half-past seven o’clock,

SOUTHAMPTON. — A public meeting will be held here on the evening of Tuesday, the 18th instant, to adopt the National Petition, and on other business.

Mr. Griffin, of Manchester, will lecture at Waterhead Mills at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon of Sunday text, and at Oldham at six o’clock in the evening.

Derbyshire,—Mr, Bairstow will leoture at the following places, at seven o’clock each evening :— At Helper, on Monday, Jan. 17th ; Bonsall, on Tuesday, the 18th; Winster, on Wednesday, the 19th ; Matlock Bridge, on Thursday, the 20th ; Swanwich, on Friday, the 21st; and at Milford, on Saturday, the 22nd.

MACCLESFIELD. — Mr. West will lecture on Sunday evening, the 16th inst., in the Chartist Association Rooms, at half-past six o’clock, in reply to the fallacies and sophistries of Mr. T. Falvey, and the Corn Law Repealers at the late Manchester meeting. Discussion is invited at the close of the lecture.
	A county delegate meeting will assemble at Macclesfield on the last Sunday of January, and each of the sub-Seoretaries are requested to forward their subscriptions to the county fund, as agreed to at the last delegate meeting, by the county lecturer, as he visits them, to save the expence of transmission ; and likewise to forward to the county treasurer their quota of the Convention Fund, by the same mode, as soon as may be convenient.

NEW LEEDS. — The members ofthis place are particularly requested to attend on Sunday morning next, at ten o’clock upon business of great importance.

SHEFFIELD. — The council will meet at their room Fig Tree-lane, on Sunday afternoon, at two o’clock.
	Notice.—The members and friends of the association are requested to notice that the meetings of the National Charter Association are held only at the room in Fig Tree-Lane, and not at any other place.
	Lecture. — A political lecture will be delivered in the room, Fig Tree-lane, on Sunday evening, at half-past six o'clock.
	Female Chartists. —Mr. G. Julian Harney will address the Female Chartists of Sheffield in the National Charter Association room, Fig Tree-lane, on Monday evening. A female association will be formed at the close. Our brother democrats are invited to be present.

NOTTINGHAM. — On Sunday evening next, Mr. G. Harrison will preach in the Democratic Chapel, Nottingham, at six o’clock.
	On Sunday afternoon next, Mr. W. D. Taylor will preach at Calverton; and in the evening at Arnold.
	On Monday next, Mr, Taylor will lecture at Calverton; Tuesday at Hucknall Torkard. On Wednesday evening, at eight o’clock, Mr. Taylor will deliver a leoture at the Democratic Chapel, Rice Place, for the benefit of the London stonemasons now on strike. On Thursday evening, he will lecture at Old Basford.
	The County Delegate Meeting stands adjourned till Sunday morning, Jan, 16th, at ten o’clock, when it is expected that all delegates will attend. Business of great importance will have to be transacted. Letters must be addressed to Mr. W, Russell, care of Mr, James Sweet, bookseller, Goosegate, Nottingham, on or before Sunday next.
	The Convention.—The sub-Secretaries of the Midland Counties’ District, who have not forwarded a list of the members who have cards in their locality, will please to do so without delay; and distinctly state the number of those who have not paid any weekly contributions. All letters must be addressed to Mr. W. Russell, General Secretary, care of Mr. James Sweet, Goosegate, Nottingham.
	A Meeting of the General Council will also be held at the Democratic Chapel, on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock.

Mr Bairstow’s Tour. — He will lecture at Stock-port on Sunday (to-morrow) afternoon and evening ; Monday, Warrington ; Tuesday, Eecles ; Wednesday, Ashton ; Thursday, Openshaw ; Friday, Newton Heath ; Saturday, Mottram ; Sunday, Jan. 23d, Brown-street, Manchester.

HYDE. — Mr. Griffin, of Manchester, will lecture here on Monday evening, on the state of the country, and the best means to remove the grievances under which we how suffer.

MANCHESTER. - REDFERN STREET. - Mr John Crowder, Lower Moor, will lecture here on Sunday evening, at half-past six o'clock.

BROWN STREET. - Mr. Clarke, of Stockport, will lecture at Brown-street; Mr Stoven, at Salford. Mr Richard Littler, at Miles Platting; and Mr. William Bell, at York-street, Manchester.

DERBY. - A delegate meeting will be held in the Association Room, over the Co-operative Store, corner of Wright-street, Willow-row, Derby, on Sunday, 23rd instant, at eleven o'clock in the forenoon, when delegates will be expected from the following places : - Burton, Swadlingcote, Ilkeston, Heanor, Breason, and all other towns and villages in their locality.

Mr. Doyle's route for the ensuing week. - On Sunday, the 16th Jan. at Hazlegrove' Monday, at Mottram; Tuesday, at Wilmslow; Wednesday, at Northwich; on Thursday, at Middlewich; on Friday, at Nantwich.

SUNDERLAND. - Mr. J. B. O'Brien will lecture at Sunderland, on Friday evening, the 14th; Monday, the 17th; and Tuesday, the 18th instant, in the Arcade Room.

MOTTRAM. - Mr. John Leach, of Hyde, will deliver a lecture in the Mottram Chartist Association Room on Sunday, at half-past two o'clock in the afternoon, on the necessity of an organic concentration of moral power to remove the evils impending on the industrious people of this country.

STALYBRIDGE. - Mr. Leech will deliver a lecture on Sunday evening, at six o'clock, in the Chartist Association Room, on the capabilities of England to support its own inhabitants, as a reply to some of the fallacies sent forth by the League. 

BURY. - Mr. Charles Connor, of Manchester, will address the people of Bury in the Garden-street Lecture Room, on Monday evening, December 17th, commence at eight o'clock.

COVENTRY. - Mr. Peter Hoey will lecture here on Friday, the 21st. 

CHORLTON. — Mr. L. Bell will lecture in the National Charter Association room, York-street, Chorlton-upon-Medlock.

DAVY HULME. — Mr. Campbell will address the Chartists of Davy Hulme, on Saturday evening next.

Mr. Knowles’s Route for the next Week.— Hebden Bridge, Monday and Tuesday; Wadsworth, on Wednesday; Mytholmroyd, on Thursday and Friday; and Midgley, on Saturday.

HYDE. — Mr. S. Sidebottom, of Newton, will deliver a lecture in the Working Man’s Institution, Hyde, on Wednesday, January 19th, 1842, to commence at eight o’clock in the evening. Admission one penny, for the benefit of the Institution.

Mr. Jones will lecture at the following places during the next fortnight, namely, Monday and Tuesday, 17th and 18th, at Hull; 26th and 21st, at Doncaster; 23rd and 24th, at Leeds; 25th and 26th, at Selby; 27th and 28th, at Howden; 29th and 31st, at Pocklington.

Mr. Mason’s Route for the Ensuing Week.— Walsall, on Monday; Wednesbury, on Tuesday; Wolverhampton, on Wednesday; Bilston, on Thursday ; Coventry, on Friday; and Nuneaton, on Saturday.

ST. PANCRAS. - Lectures are delivered every Sunday evening at the Chartists’ Rooms, the Feathers Tavern, Warren-street, Tottenham-court Road, commencing at eight o’clock. —Mr. Martin will leoture on next Sunday evening ; subject,— Duties of Government. Free admission.

A delegate meeting will be holden in the Chartist room, Swan Coppice, Halifax, on Sunday next, at two o’clock in the afternoon, to arrange plans for the better organising of this district, and the supplying of the same with local lecturers. Every Association in the district is requested to send a delegate.

Mr. Duffy will lecture here on Saturday (this day) at seven o'clock in the evening.

LONDON. — It is expected Mr. O’Connor will address aggregate meetings of the tailors and shoemakers, in the course of the ensuing week.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Griffin, of Manchester, will lecture next Sunday, at half-past two in the afternoon, and six in the evening.

BRADFORD. — On Sunday evening, at the Council Room, North Tavern, Messrs, Dewhirst and Rose will lecture at six o’clock.

LITTLE HORTON. — Mr. Alderson will lecture at Mr. Heaton’s, ou Tuesday night, at eight o’clock.

NEW LEEDS. — Mr. Smyth will lecture on Sunday evening, at five o’clock.

SUDDLES LANE END. — Mr. Hodgson will lecture at Mr. Wright’s on Sunday evening, at five o’clock.

STANNINGLEY. — Mr. Brook will leoture on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.