LONDON. - Black Bull Inn, Hammersmith Road —A meeting will be held at this place on Monday evening, at eight o'clock precisely, to consider the propriety of meeting for the future at the Political and Scientific Institute, Broadway, and on other important business. On Tuesday evening, Mr. Cowan will lecture at the Political and Scientific Institute, Hammersmith, on the Political and Social Rights of Women, at half-past seven.

CLOCK-HOUSE, CASTLE-STREET, LEICESTER-SQUARE. - Mr. Preston will lecture here, on Sunday evening.

SOMERS TOWN. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture at the Gold Beaters Arms, on Sunday evening.

TOWER HAMLETS. — Mr. Illingworth will lecture on Sunday evening next, at seven o'clock, at the Chartist School Room, Grey Eagle-street, on the principles of the Charter.

Mr. Knight will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Flora Tavern, Barnsbury Park. Subject, “ What is the secret enemy that destroys the people?”

Messrs. Brown and Martz will visit Manchester by way of Congleton, Macclesfield, and Stockport, during the ensuing weak, and will lecture at the above places.

The Eigth Concert of the Somers Town Committee, for the benefit of the Political Victims, will be held on Monday evening, at the Goldbeaters Arms, Old St. Pancras-road.

On Sunday evening, Mr. Parry will lecture at the Hall of the National Association, on Free Trade, the anti-Corn Law League, and the Chartier. On Wednesday evening, Hugh Dorethy, Esq., will lecture on the rights of labour.

The Clerkenwell Chartists meet for the transaction of important business, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock, at the Patriot Coffee Blouse, Clerkenwell Green.

BURY. —  Mr. James Leach, from Manchester, is expected to address the people of Bury, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock, in the Working Men’s Hall.

HONLEY. - A lecture will be delivered in the Chartist room, Honley, by a young man from Holmfirth, on Sunday evening, January 22nd, at six o'clock.

MOTTRAM. — The Council will meet on Sunday, at two o'clock in the afternoon, at Mr. William Wildgoose’s Coffee and News Room, Mottram Moor.

IDLE. — Mr. Thomas Ibbotson, of Bradford, will preach two sermons in tho Idle Chartist Room,, on Sunday next, at two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six in the evening.

LEEDS. - Mr. David Ross, from Manchester, will deliver two discourses to-morrow afternoon and evening, in the Chartist room, Cheapside, to commence at half-past two, and six o'clock.

WEDNESBURY. — A delegate meeting will take place in the Chartist room, Wednesbury, on Sunday, at two o’clock, to settle the accounts connected with the prosecution of Mr. John Mason, and the Sedgly victims.

BRADFORD. — The tea-party committee will meet at the council-room, on Sunday, at two o’clock in the afternoon. A full attendance is requested.

The Amusements Committee will meet on Sunday evening at six o'clock, in the room, Butterworth’s-buildings. Every member is expected to attend.

Mr. Smyth will deliver a lecture on the present state of Chartism to the Chartists of Little Horton, in their room, Park-lane, on Sunday morning at ten o’clock.

Mr. Smyth will lecture at Idle, near Bradford, on Monday evening, at seven o’clock, on the present prospects of Chartism, and the necessity of Union in the Chartist ranks.

SOWERBY. — Mr. Richard Wheelwright will lecture here on Sunday afternoon, at three o’clock.

P. M. Brophy will visit the following places in the course of the ensuing week :—Bacup, Monday; Todmorden, Tuesday; Hebden Bridge, Wednesday ; Halifax, Thursday ; Huddersfield, Friday ; and Dewsbury, Sunday, 22nd.

HALIFAX. - On Sunday (to-morrow), a lecture will be delivered in the Large Room, Swan-coppice, by Mr. Pewbewden, to commence at six o'clock in the evening.

MANCHESTER. — On Sunday (to-morrow) two lectures will be delivered in Carpenter’s Hall; one in the afternoon, at half-past two o’clock, by Mr. C. Doyle, and the other in the evening, at half-past six, by Mr. James Leach.	

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. John Richards will lecture in the Democratic Chapel, on Monday evening next, (January the 16th) at eight o’clock.

Mr. G. Harrison, of Calverton, will give an address at Mrs. Smith’s Coffee Rooms, on Sunday, at half-past six in the evening. 

NEWCASTLE. - Mr. Beesley, of Accrington, is expected here in Sunday evening.

ASHTON. - Mr. Joseph Carter, of Stockport, will lecture here on Sunday evening next.

STOCKPORT. - The members of the National Charter Association are requested to attend a meeting of members at the association room, at two o'clock tomorrow evening, to consider Mr. Cooper's new plan of organisation.

DEWBSURY. - A district council meeting will be held on Sunday next, in the room over the stores, at two o'clock in the afternoon, when delegates are requested to attend from all parts of the district.

BIRMINGHAM. — A meeting of Chartists will be held at the large room of the Royal Oak, Little Charles-street, on Monday evening next, at seven o’clock, when the state of the cause in this town will be entered into with a view to its improvement.

EARLSHEATON. — A lecture will be delivered in the Association Room, Earlsheaton, this day (Saturday), by Mr. H. Marsden, from Holmfirth, a young and talented advocate of the rights of man; to commence precisely at eight o'clock in the evening.

MOSSLEY. — Mr. Christopher Doyle, of Manchester, will lecture in the Association Room, on Monday evening next; subject —war and taxation. A collection will be made towards the defence fund.

BACUP. — A public tea party will be held in the Chartist Room, on Saturday next, in honour of Mr. Tegg and Mr. James Stott, the Chartist advocates, being released from their confinement in Preston House of Correction. Tickets for females, sixpence; males, ninepence.

SHEFFIELD. - Fig tree-lane.— Mr. Peter Foden will deliver an address on Sunday evening, January 15th, at half-past six o’clock.

Mr. Julian Harney will deliver an address on Monday evening, at half-past seven o’clock.

The Albion Locality having removed from Mr. Martin’s to Mrs. Smith's, Gloucester Coffee-house, to be held in any district during the day of election, Church-street, Shoreditch, will hold their first meeting on Tuesday evening next, at eight o'clock, to hear a lecture on the People’s Charter.

Mr. Kean will lecture at the Star Coffee-house, Union-street, Borough, on Tuesday next : subject, "The causes that have produced the present amount of misery in this country, and the remedy."

HAMPSTEAD. — A lecture will be delivered on Monday evening, at seven o’clock, at Mr. Nott's Coffeehouse, High-street, with a view of forming a locality there.