HULL. — A lecture, on the present state and prospects of Chartism, and the best means of promoting its interests, will be delivered by the Rev. W. Hill, in his Church, over the Grammar School, on Monday evening, at half-past six for seven exactly. A members meeting will be held in the vestry, after the lecture, to consider what steps are best to be taken in the present state of affairs among the Chartists of Hull. It is hoped that every member Will be at his post.

LONDON. — A public meeting will be held on Monday evening, at half-past seven o’clock, at the Social Hall, John-street, Tottenham-court-road, to hear the report of Messrs. Parry, Lucas, Wheeler, and Buchanan, delegates from Marylebone, to the Conference, William Lovett in the chair. Feargus O’Connor, Dr. Black, Mr. Hetherington, and others will attend. Admission one penny, gallery threepence.

National Association. — On Sunday evening next, Mr, Parry will lecture in the Hall, at half-past seven o’clock, on the Life and Genius of Lord Byron. On Wednesday evening, at half-past eight o’clock, John Robinson, Esq., will lecture on the Mechanical Properties of Air, with Illustrations.

A Concert for the benefit of the family of Dr. M'Douall will be held on Tuesday evening at 55, Old Bailey.

Mr. Sewell will lecture at the Goldbeaters’ Arms, Old-street, St. Pancras-road, on Sunday evening.

Mr. Fussell will lecture at the Britannia Coffeehouse, 86, Waterloo-road, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock.

PUTNEY. — Mr. E. Stellwood will lecture at the Millers’ Arms Inn, Lower Common, on Sunday evening.

BLACK BULL, HAMMERSMITH ROAD. - A public meeting will be held here on Monday evening, at eight o'clock, to consider Mr. Cooper’s plan of Organization, and on other business.

BERMONDSEY. — A social tea-party will take place on Sunday evening, Jauuary 29th, at six o’clock, for the purpose of celebrating the birth of the immortal Thomas Paine. Tickets one shilling each, can be had of Mr. Gathard, tailor, 16, Grange-walk, Bermondsey; Mr. James, l, Snowsfield; Mr. Bailey, 2, Hanover-place. The above will take place for the benefit of the unprotected wife and children of R. Wild, now suffering two years imprisonment for speaking th' truth, tho whole truth, and nothing font the truth. No tickets sold after the twenty-sixth instant.

Mr. Bolwell will lecture at the Clock House, Castle-street, Leicester-square, on Sunday next.

Mr. Benbow will lecture at the Chartist Hall, 25, Star-street, Commercial-road, on Sunday next, at seven o’clock in the evening.

A Lecture will be given at the Prince of Wales, No. 9, Little Coxam-street, Russell-Square, on the effects likely to emanate from a repeal of the Corn Laws.

Mr. Sewell, late Delegate to the Conference, will lecture at the Cock, Camberwell Green, on Monday evening.

SHOREDITCH. - A lecture will be delivered by Mr. M'Grath, at the Gloucester Coffee House, on Tuesday evening, at seven o’clock.

WORKING MEN'S HALL, 29 1/2 MILE END ROAD. — Mr. Bairstow will lecture here on Sunday and Tuesday, on which occasion one penny each will be charged admission

TOWER HAMLETS. — Mr. Robson will bring forward the subject of National Organization for public discussion, in the Chartist School Room, Grey Eagle-street, on Sunday evening next, to commence at seven o’clock. A tea party will be held in the above room, on Monday evening, tickets 9d. each, the proceeds to be appropriated to furnishing the room.

The Clerkenwell Chartists will meet on Monday evening, at the Patriot Coffee House, Clerkeuweli Green, when Mr. Cooper’s plan and other important business will be brought forward. The chair to be taken eight o’clock.

MARYLEBONE. — A funeral sermon will be preached at the Working Men’s Hall, Circus-street, on the death of Mr. Lane and Mr. Finletter, on Suuday evening next, by Mr. Savage.

55, OLD BAILEY. — On Sunday evening next, a lecture will be delivered here. Every Monday evening, a ball is held here, for the benefit of the new Hall. Admission, threepence. The ball to commence at half-past eight precisely. On Tuesday evening, a concert and ball will be held here, for the benefit of Dr. M'Douall. Concert to commence at seven, and ball at ten o'clock precisely. Tickets, sixpence each person. Every Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, and every Wednesday evening, at eight o’clock, the committee for securing and getting up the new Hall, meet here for the purpose of disposing of shares, which are five shillings each, payable at sixpence per week. Any country friends wishing to take up the shares, address to J. Cleave, Shoe-lane, treasurer, or Mr. Salmon, secretary, 5, New Court, Farringdon-street, City of London.

LITTLETOWN-IN-LIVERSEDGE. — Two sermons will be preached at this place, on Sunday, by Mr. Luke Bradley, of Lockwood, when collections will be made towards liquidating the expences of the Room. Service to commence in the afternoon, at half-past two, and in the evening at six.

Mr. Rigby will lecture at Derby on Sunday next, and at Nottingham, on Sunday the 29th. instant.

ALMONDBURY. — A public meeting will be holden in the Town Hall, Almondbury, on Monday evening, to hear an account of the proceedings of the Birmingham Conference, from Mr. William Cunningham. Chair to be taken at eight o’clock precisaiy,

Mr. James Green will lecture at the Saracen’s Head, Warwick, on Sunday evening next. Chair to be taken at half-past six.

UPPER WORLEY. — A lecture will be delivered in the Association Room on Sunday evening, at six o’clock.

HALIFAX. — A delegate meeting of this district will be held at Sowerby, on Sunday (to-morrow) at ten o’clock in the forenoon. Each locality is particularly requested to appoint delegates to attend, as the Balance Sheet of the district, and other business of importance will be brought before them.

On Sunday (to-morrow) three discourses will be delivered in the Odd Fellows’ Hall—first at halfpast ten o'clock in the morning, by Mr. E. Mantz, of London —second at half-past two in the afternoon, by Mr. Brown of London and the third at six in the evening, by Mr. Mantz. Collections will be made after each discourse, to defray expenses.

Mr. R. G. Gammage, of Northampton, will lecture at the following places, during the next week — Coventry, Sunday 22ud ; Birmingham, Steelhouse-lane, Monday 2drd ; Aston-street, Tuesday 24th ; Dudley, Wednesday 25th ; Stourbridge, Thursday 26th ; Kiddimister, Friday 27th ; Worcester, Saturday and Sunday, 28th and 29th.

An East and North Riding Delegate Meeting will be held at Selby, on Sunday, February 5th, at Mr. Woodall’s, Temperance Hotel, at ten o’clock in the forenoon, when it is hoped that every place that can send delegates will do so ; those towns who cannot send delegates must not fail to send their opinions by letter. Those localities who cannot support a lecturer must state so by letter, addressed to E. Burley, 19, Bilton-street, Layerthorpe, York. Any Chartist lecturer wishing to become a candidate for the lectureship of the East and North Riding district, must forward his address, with credentials from tho Secretary of the locality in which he resides, before the 2nd of February, addressed as above.

CARRINGTON, NEAR NOTTINGHAM. — A member’s meeting will be held next Sunday evening, at seven o’clock, when every member is requested to attend, as business of importance will be brought before the meeting.

NOTTINGHAM. — On Sunday (to-morrow) Mr. Bridges will preach on the evils of bribery, in the democratic chapel, Rice-place, at six o’clock.

WAKEFIELD. — This evening (Saturday) Mr. D. Ross will lecture in the old Mechanic’s Institution, Crown Court, Wood-street, at seven o’clock. Chartists attend !

COVENTRY. - A meeting of the Coventry Chartists will be holden in the Association room, Wells-street, on Monday next, at seven o'clock, to elect a new council, and for the despatch of business.

HOLLINGWOOD. - James Mitchell, of Stockport, will lecture here on Sunday evening, at six o'clock.	

HOLBECK. — Mr. Hill will preach two sermons on Sunday, the 29th instant. Afternoon and evening.

OLDHAM. - Sunday, (to morrow,) Mr. John McFarline, of Salford, will lecture in tlia Chartist room, Greaves street, at six o’clock in the evening.

Mrs. Fildes, (who was cut down at the Peterloo Massacre,) will deliver two lectures on War, in the York-street Academy, next to All Saints' School, Chorlton-upon-Medlock, Manchester, one on Sunday night (to-morrow), at half-past six, and another on Wednesday next, at eight o’clock.

LIVERPOOL. - A meeting of the members will take place on Suuday evening, in the room of the Association, Preston-Streey, upon important business.

ROCHDALE. - Mr. Thomas Clark, of Stockport will lecture here on Sunday next.

STOCKPORT. - The Rev. W. Y. Jackson, will preac two sermons here to-morrow, one at two, and the other at six o clock in the evening. Admission 1d. the proceeds to go towards erecting a Chapel for the Reverend gentleman.

PRESTON. - a discussion will take place in the Association room, here, on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, on the question —-" What hopes are there of a speedy and cordial union of the middle and working classes ; and how is such union necessary, or likely to prove beneficial to the working community ?”

BURY.- On Monday next, the members are requested to meet in the Working Men’s Hall, on business of importance. The Evening Star will be read.

The South Lancashire Delegate Meeting will be held in the Chartist Room, Brown Street, on Sunday, (to-morrow.) Chair to be taken at ten o’clock in the forenoon.

MANCHESTER. — Carpenters Hall. —Two lectures will be delivered in this Hall, on Sunday, by Mr. Thomas Dickinson.

A General Meeting of the Chartists resident in Manchester, will be held in the Carpenters Hall, on Sunday, at ten o’clock in the forenoon, to take into consideration the new plan of organization.

On Monday Evening Feargus O’Connor, Esq., will deliver a lecture in the Carpenters Hall, Chair to be taken at eight o’clock. After the lecture there will be a Ball and Concert. Admission, 1d eaoh.

HEYWOOD. — Mr. Read's Liberation from Prison. —The friends of Mr. Read, and the cause for which he has suffered, will hold a tea party and ball in tho Chartist room, on Saturday night, tho 28th instant —the proceeds to be applied to the use of the local victims.

Mr. James Leach, of Manchester, will deliver a lecture in the Association room, on Monday evening.

Leeds District.—A General Council Meeting of this district will be held on Sunday, January 29th, in tho Chartist room, Cheapside, to commence at ten o’clock. It is particularly requested that those residing at Woodhouse, Armley, and Wortley will be present.

CHEAPSIDE. — Mr. Fraser will lecture to-morrow afternoon at half-past two, and in the evening at six o’clock in the room, Cheapside. Collections will be made after each lecture towards asssisting Mrs. Ellis in her intended business.

BIRMINGHAM. — The Chartists of the Ship Tavern locality will meet on Tuesday next, to take into consideration Mr. Cooper's plan of organization.

HOLBECK. — A sermon will bo preached in the Chartist meeting room on Sunday evening at half past six o’clock.

SHEFFIELD. — Fig Tree Lane — Mr. Edward Gill, will lecture on Sunday evening at half past six o’clock.

A members meeting on special business will bo held on Monday evening at half-past seven o’clock,

Messrs. Julian Harney, and Edwin Gill will address the inhabitants of Dungworth on Wednesday evening at seven o’clock.

BRADFORD. — Mr. Ibbetson will preach a sermon in the large room of Butterworth Buildings, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock. After the sermon a collection will be made to aid in liquidating the debt incurred by the delegates to the Birmingham Conference.

Mr. Henry Edwards will lecture at Thompson’s Houses, on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock.

Mr. Smyth will lecture in the Association room, Park-lane, to the Chartists of Little Horton, on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, on the Currency and Banking System.

Mr. Smyth will lecture at the White House, Bread Stones, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock, on the only means of obtaining a Repeal of the Union.

The Chartists, meeting in Butterworth’s Buildings, are requested to attend on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock, on special business.

The Chartists of Bowling Back-lane, are requested to meet in the Association room, on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock, on important business.

THURSTONLAND. — a District Delegate Meeting will be held in the Democratic Chapel, on Sunday, (tomorrow,) on business of importance; chair to be taken at twelve o’clock.

DEWSBURY. — A District Council meeting will be held on Sunday, Jan. 29th, in the large room over the Co-operative Stores, when delegates- are requested to attend from all parts of the district, as the present Secretary and Treasurer are resigning office.
