LEEDS. — The attentions of the Chartists of Leeds, and the surrounding villages—Hunslet, Holbeck, Wortley, Woodhouse, Armley, Broadband Morley, is respectfully called to the necessity of forming these places into a district, to co-operate one with another, either towards the support of a lecturer, or for the forming of arrangements for mutually supporting one another, by an exchange,of native talent, be that there may be a due supply of lecturers for every locality, to promote regularity, and prevent disappointment. To consider such a plan, I hereby call a meeting of delegates from the localities named to be held on Sunday morning, the 30th of January, at ten o’clock a.m. in the Association Room, Leeds! The friends of the different villages will take care to appoint delegates.

Your’s, in the cause of Democracy, H. Stonehouse.

Mr. Jones, the East and North Riding lecturer, will lecture in the Association Rooms, Shambles, on Sunday and Monday nights.

NEW MILLS. — Every member of the New Mills Charter Association is expected to attend their weekly meeting on Monday evening next, as business of great importance will be laid before the meeting.

Mr. Wm. Belsley’s Route. — On Sunday, Jan. the 23rd in Chorley ; Monday, the 24th, in Wigan ; Tuesday, the 25th, in Preston ; Wednesday, the 26th, in Clitheroe ; Thursday, the 27th, in Sabden ; Friday, the 28th, in Barnoldswink ; Saturday, the 29th in Colne; Sunday, the 30th, in Burnley; Monday, the 31st, in Todmorden ; and Feb. the 1st in Bucup.

Mr. Doyle’s Route.—On Monday, the 24th inst. in the city of Chester ; Tuesday, the 25th, in Nant-wich; Wednesday, the 26th, in Hanley, Staffordshire ; Thursday, the 27th, in Corigleton ; Saturday, the 29th, in New Mills; Sunday, the 30th in Macclesfield.

LONDON Trades — Tailors. —A meeting will be held of Chartists in the above trade, in the splendid room, the Odd Fellows Grand Lodge, the Three Doves, Berwick-Street, Soho, on Wednesday evening next, at eight precisely. At the close of the meeting a Chartist concert will be held.

THE RED LION. King-street, Golden square, (Tailors.) — Mr. Knight will lecture on Sunday evening next, at seven precisely, on the origin of Governments.

FINSBURY. — On Monday, a meeting in furtherance of the cause will be held at Lunt’s Coffee House, Clerkenwell Green, at eight precisely.

WALWORTH. - A public meeting will be held in the Montpelier Tavern, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock precisely. 

Thomas Paine’s Natal Day. — A public dinner in commemoration of the above event, will be held at the Black Bull Inn, Hammersmith-road, on Monday evening, January 31st. Tickets, single 2s. each ; double do, 3s 6d. to admit a lady and gentleman.

ST. PANCRAS. — Mr. J. Fussell will lecture at the Feathers’ Tavern, Warren-street, on church property, on Sunday evening next, at half-past seven precisely.

CARPENTERS' ARMS, Birch-Lane, Spitalfields. — A lecture in furtherance of the Chartist cause will be de ivered here on the Sunday next.

CROWN AND ANCHOR Waterloo Town, Spital-fields. — Mr. M'Garth will lecture on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock precisely.

HIT OR MISS. — West-Street, Devonshire-Street, Mile-End. — Mr. Ruffy Ridley will lecture on the appropriation of the soil, at seven precisely on Sunday evening next.

THREE CROWNS, Richmond-Street, Soho. — Mr. Stallwood will address this locality of Chartist tailors on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock precisely, on the principles of the Charter.

POLITICAL AND SCIENTIFIC INSTITUTE, 55, Old Bailey. — A lecture will be delivered in the furtherance of the cause on Tuesday next, at eight o’clock precisely.

LONDON Eastern Division of Boot and Shoe makers. — On Sunday evening next, Mr. Lees will deliver a lecture on the Corn Law Fallacy, in the large room of the Star Coffee House, Golden-lane.

WALWORTH AND CAMBERWELL. — The whole of the members of this locality are earnestly requested to attend on Monday evening next, at seven o'clock, as business of great interest will be laid before them.

LONDON CORDWAINERS. — On Monday next, the 24th, a public meeting of the Operative Cordwainers of London will take place at the Hall of Science, City Road. All trades are most earnestly requested to attend. The meeting will take place at seven o’clock in the evening.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. J. Savage will lecture at the Working Men’s Hall, Circus-street, New Road, Marylebone, on Sunday evening, the 23rd instant, at half-past seven o’clock.

BOOT AND SHOEMAKERS. — A public meeting, convened by the above body, will be held at the Hall of Science, City-road, near Finsbury-square, on Tuesday evening next, Feargus O’Connor, Bsq, at the request of the trade, will be present, and address the meeting. The ehair will be taken at seven o’clock precisely.

CHELSEA. — A public meeting, for the adoption of the National Petition, will be held in the Royal Bath Gardens, Manor House, King’s-road, on Wednesday evening next. Feargus O’Connor, Eiq. will address the meeting at half-past seven o’clook precisely.

BLACK BULL INN, Hammersmith-Road. — Mr. Stallwood will lecture in the Spacious Rooms, open for the ensuing “ Paine” dinner, on Tuesday next, at half-past seven o’clock precisely.

Mr. Leighs will lecture, to the shoemakers on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock precisely, at the Star Coffee-house, Golden-lane.

TOWER HAMLETS. — The ballot for the Convention takes place at the Carpenters’ Arms, Brick Lane, on Monday evening next. All are requested to attend.

DELPH. — On Saturday evening, a public meeting will beheld at the Delph, Saddleworth, to adopt the National Petition ; the chair to be taken at six o’clock.

RATCLIFFE AND ECCLES. — Mr. Joseph Linney, of Manchester, will lecture on Sunday evening, at RatclifFe, and on Monday evening, at Eccles.

COVENTRY. — There will be a lecture given at the George room, on Friday evening next.

MACCLESFIELD. — The Cheshire County Delegate Meeting will take place in Macclesfield National Charter Association rooms, at ten o’clock in the forenoon of Sunday, the 30th of January, when every locality in the county, are requested to send a dele-gate, as the whole business of the ensuing three mouths will be brought before them; those who find it impracticable to send a delegate, will remit, through the comity lecturer, their amount of the county funds, namely, one penny per member, and all other payments by the same method.

Mr. Thomas Clark lectures at Stockport tonight, at Hazlegrove to-morrow night, at six o’clock, and at Bury on Monday evening, at eight.

SADDLEWORTH. — A public meeting will be held at Delph next Saturday evening, to adopt the National Petition.

BOLTON. — Mr. Isaac Barrow will preach a sermon in the Unitarian Meeting House, Meare-Lane, at six o’clock in the evening. Subject: the Birth of the Prince of Wales. Text; Isaiah, c. ix v. 6-7, Unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given ; and the government shall be upon his shoulder, ’ &c. A collection will be made for the purpose of establishing a Sunday School in the Charter Association Rooms, Howell Croft, for the use of which a number of books, &c. will be wanted. We hope the inhabitants of Bolton and its vicinity will assist us with this project, as it will be the means of learning a great number of poor children to read and write; no creeds will be taught; but love to God and man.

Mr W. D. Taylor’s Route for the ensuing Week — Nottingham, Sunday and Monday; Beeston, ruesday; Arnold, Wednesday; Hyson Green, Thursday.

HALIFAX. - Mr. G. Flinn, of Bradford, will lecture in the Chartist leoture room, Swan Coppice, on Sunday evening next, at half-past six.

NEWSOME. — A lecture will be given at Newsome, on Wednesday evening, the 26th infant, in the School Room, by Edward Clayton. Subject : the Distress of the Nation. To commence at seven.

MACCLESFIELD. — Mr. West will lecture on Sunday to-morrow evening, on the Natural Law of Wages.

NOTTINGHAM. — Paine’s birthday will bo celebrated tj a meeting at the Rancliffe’s Arms, Sussex-street, on Saturday evening, the 29th instant; and by a dinner, at the King George on Horseback, on Monday, the 31st instant.

ILKESTONE, DERBYSHIRE. — Mr. Cornelius Fawkes, of Nottingham, preaches here to-morrow.

Mr. Leach will leoture in Macclesfield, on Monday, January 31st; in Hanley Potteries, Tuesday, Feoruary 1st; in Stafford, Wednesday, February 2d; in Bilston, Thursday, February 3rd; in Birmingham, February 4th; in Marylebone, Sunday, February 6th: and will meet his colleagues of the Executive in Bristol, on Monday, tho 7th day of Feb.

SOUTH SHIELDS. — Mr. Williams wiil deliver a lecture here on Tuesday evening next, at Mr. Hind’s, Banks of Tyne, West Holbourn.

DROYLESDEN. — Mr. James Cartledge, of Manchester, will lecture at Droylsden, next Tuesday evening, at-eight o'clock, on the capabilities of the land to support more than four times the population of the United Kingdom.

Mr. Mason's route for the ensuing week.— Kidderminster, on Monday; Stourbridge, on Tuesday; Bromsgrove on Wednesday; and Redditch, on Thursday.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. Cooper will lecture in Association Room, Redfern-street, on Sunday, to morrow evening. On the same evening, Mr, R. Littler, will lecture in the Brown-street, Chartist Room. Mr. Clark, at Strand*street. Mr. Booth, at Miles Platting. Mr. Dunavan, at York-streer., Chorlton ; and Mr. Griffin will shew the absurdities of the Com Law League in a lecture on Sunday evening, at Salford.

RATCLIFFE BRIDGE. — On Monday evening, Mr. Griffin, of Manchester, will lecture on the subject of Teetotalism, in the Teetotaller’s Room; and on Tuesday evening he will lecture in the Chartist Room, on the state of the country and the relnedy to be applied for our manifold sufferings.

BRADFORD. - A concert and ball will be held at the house of Mrs. Lydia Hardaker, the Union Cross, Wapping, on the evening of Saturday, the 22ad inst. A concert and ball will also be held at the house of Mr. R. Carrodus, the North Tavern, North-street, on Monday evening, the 24th inst., both being for the benefit of Messrs. R. Peddie, Brook, Walker, and Naylor. Tickets of admission on each occasion twopence each, may be had at the North Tavern. Doors to be opened on both occasions, at sevon o’clock. Dancing to commence at half-past.
Mr. Ainley will lecture in the Council Rooms on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.
Mr Ibbotson will lecture at the Delph Hole, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock.
Mr. John Arran will leoture next Sunday night, at Daisy Hill, at six o’clock.
Messrs. Dewhirst and Ross will lecture at Idle on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock.
Mr. Ibbotson will lecture at Stanningly, on Sunday evening next, at half-past five o’clook in the evening.
Mr. Smith will lecture at Mr. White’s, Manchester-road, on Sunday evening next, at five o’clook.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr, Dean Taylor, the talented and eloquent Chartist lecturer for Nottinghamshire, will preach two political sermons in the National Charter Association room, Fig Tree-lane, to-morrow, Sunday 23rd inst., in the afternoon, at half-past two o’clock, and in the evening at half-past six.
Mr. Dean Taylor is also expected to lecture on Monday evening in the above room. At the close of the lecture, the members of the association will ballot for the candidates for the Convention.
A Preliminary Meeting of the Chartist Youths of Sheffield will beheld at Mr. Harney’s, 33, Camp-lane, on Thursday evening next, preparatory to forming a Youths’ Association,

WOODHOUSE. — A public meeting will be held at the Coach and Horses, Woodhouse, on Wednesday evening next, to adopt the National Petition; Mr. Julian Harney will address the meeting.

HOLBECK. — Mr. Stansfield will preach in the Association room, Holbeck, on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, at six o’clock.

UPPER WORTLEY. — Mr. Thomas Ibbotson, from Bradford, will preach in the afternoun and evening of Sunday next, Jan. 23rd, in the National Charter Association room, Wortley-moor.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Smethurst, of Oldham, lectures here to-morrow (Sunday) at half-past two and six.

WEST RIDING. — A West Riding Delegate Meeting will beheld at Dewsbury, on Sunday the 30th inst., at ten o’clock in the forenoon.

DEWSBURY. — A District Meeting will be held on Sunday, the 23rd instant, at two o’clock in the afternoon, in the large room over the Co-operative Stores. It is particularly requested that the whole of the members in the district will attend, as business of the greatest importance will be brought forward.

HONLEY. — Mr. Candy will lecture on Sunday (tomorrow) evening, in the Association Room Honley, to commence at six o’clock.

Mr. Thos. Ibbotson one of the local lecturers of Bradford, and now out of employment, intends to 1 lecture at the following places during the next week.

On Sunday next, the 23rd instant, at Wortley; Monday, the 24th, at Holbeck: on Tuesday, the 25th, at Keighley ; on Wednesday, the 26th, at Ovenden ; Sowerby, on Thursday ; Mytholmroyd, on Friday ; Hebden Bridge, on Saturday.

Mr. John Richards, of the Potteries, will lecture in the following places : — On Saturday, the 22nd inst., at Stafford ; on Sunday the 23d, at Bilston, in the morning; and at Wolverhampton in the evening, and the surrounding districts.