LEEDS. — Mr. John Shaw will lecture to-morrow (Sunday) afternoon, at half-past two o'clock, and Mr. David Boss in the evening, at half-past six, at the Bazaar, Briggate. THE MEMBERS meeting will be held on Monday evening, at eight o’clock.

TODMORDEN. — Mr. J. West will deliver a lecture this evening, (Saturday,) in the Odd Fellows Hall to commence at eight o’clock. Mr. James Leach will deliver two lectures in the same place, for the female Chartists, To-morrow, (Sunday,) at half-past two o'clock in the afternoon, and at six o’clock in the evening.

MR. DOYLE'S ROUTE for the next fortnight. — Stockport, Sunday the 28th ; Macclesfield, Monday, 29th ; Congleton, Tuesday, 30th ; Nantwitch, Wednesday, 31st: Middlewich, Thursday, February 1st; Northwich, Friday, 2nd ; Macclesfield, Sunday, 4th, Newmills, Monday, 5th; Glossop, Tuesday, 6th ; Mottram, Wednesday, 7th ; Hyde, Thursday, 8th; and Duckenfield, Friday, 9th.

WEST RIDING. — On Sunday, February 4th, a West Riding Delegate Meeting will be held in the Chartist Room, New Pellon, Halifax ; chair to be taken at eleven o'clock in the forenoon.

HALIFAX. — Mr. James Clayton will lecture in the Chartist Association Room, Pellon Lane, on Sunday (to-morrow), at six o'clock in the evening.

THE MONTHLY MEETING of this district will be holden at Lower Warley, on Sunday (to-morrow), at two o'clock in the afternoon. A good attendance is expected, as business of great importance will be brought forward. 

BRADFORD. — The members of the Council will meet in their room, on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, at six o'clock.

CENTRAL LOCALITY. — The Chartists of the Central Locality will meet in the Council Room, on Sunday (to-morrow) morning, at ten o'clock.

BOWLING. — The Chartists of Bowling Back Lane will meet in their room, on Sunday (to-morrow), at ten o’clock in the morning, and at two in the afternoon.

MANNINGHAM. — The Chartists of Manningham will meet in the School Room, at six o'clock in the evening of to-morrow.

LITTLE HORTON.—The Chartists of Little Horton will meet in the School Room, Park Place, on Sunday (to-morrow) morning, at ten o'clock, and at two in the afternoon.

BURY. — Mr. Wm. Bell, of Heywood, will lecture in the Garden-street Lecture Room on Sunday evening next, to commence at six o'clock.

A FRIENDLY MEETING will be held this (Saturday) evening, at eight o’clock, at Mr. Dorman's Coffee House, Nottingham ; Mr. M‘Grath in the chair.

MOSSLEY. — Mr. Robert Lee, from Ashton, will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Meeting Room, Brookbottom, on Wednesday evening, the 31st inst., to commence at eight o'clock.

THE SOUTH LANCASHIRE DELEGATE MEETING will be holden on Sunday (to-morrow), in the Committee Room, Carpenters’ Hall; chair to be taken at ten o'clock in the forenoon.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — William Dixon, from Manchester, will deliver a lecture in the Charter Association Room, on Sunday evening next, at six o'clock.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. William Miller, of Oldham, will deliver his second lecture on Phrenology, in the Chartist Association Room, Mills-street, on Wednesday evening next, to commence at eight o'clock.

HUDDERSFIELD. — A meeting of the Chartists of Huddersfield district, will be holden in the Democratic Institution, Lockwood, at two o'clock in the afternoon of Sunday next, the 28th inst., to elect a delegate to the West Riding Delegate meeting, and to take into consideration the subject for which the said West Riding meeting is called; also to arrange the plan of Mr. West's lectures. Parties in the district desiring tho services of Mr. West are re¬quested to communicate their wishes to the Secretary, Mr. Ashton, that arrangements may be made to accommodate them. As the business to be brought before the meeting is of an important character, it is hoped there will be a full attendance.

MR. LEACH’S ROUTE. — On Monday, the 29th inst., he will lecture at Dukenfield ; Tuesday, the 30th, at Haly Hill; Wednesday, the 31st, at Mossley ; Thursday, Feb. 1st, at Waterhead Mill; Friday, the 2nd, at Wrighton; Monday, the 5th, Stockport Youths; Tuesday, the 6th, at Middleton ; Wednesday, the 7th, at Eccles ; Thursday, the 8th, at Rhodes ; Friday, 9th, at Halingworth.

MR. WEST’S ROUTE. — Monday the 29th, at Littletown ; Tuesday, the 30th, at Batley ; Wednesday, the 31st, at Dewsbury; Thursday, Feb. 1st, at Cleckheaton ; Friday, the 2nd, at Wakefield; Saturday, the 3rd, at Birstal.

BOLTON. — A meeting of delegates will be held on the 5th of February, at eleven o’clock, in the Association Room, Cheapside, Bolton, from the the following places Bury, Hadcliff, Astley, Chowbent, Tyldsley, Halshaw Moor, Harwich, Bradshaw, Harwood, Belmont, and Turton.

A GENERAL DELEGATE MEETING of the Miners of Lancashire will be holden at the Hare and Hounds, Prescott, on Monday next, the 29th inst. Chair to be taken at eleven o'clock in the forenoon. Business of the utmost importance will be brought before the meetiug. Those districts who may be behind with their General or Special Contributions are requested to send in their arrears. A public meeting will also be holden at the same time and place, to be addressed by several of the accredited agents of the Association.

A DELEGATE MEETING will be held on Monday next, at Summerhill, at twelve o’clock.
