WATERHEAD-MILL. — Mr. Litter, of Salford, will lecture here on Sunday afternoon, at half-past two o'clock, and at Oldham, at six o’clock in the evening.

RATCLIFFE-BRIDGE. — Mr. Griffin will lecture here on Monday and Tuesday evenings.

SHAW. — Mr. Riohards will lecture here on Sunday evening.

DELPH. — A public meeting will beheld this evening. to adopt the National Petition, Griffin and Connor, from Manchester, are invited.

MANCHESTER. — Mr Mitchell, of Stockport, will lecture on Sunday evening, at Redfern-street ; Mr. Leech, of Hyde, at Brown-street; Mr. Smithurst at Strand-street; Mr. Clark, at Miles Platting; Mr. Griffin, at Salford; and Mr. James Cartledge. at York-street, Chorlton.

STOCKPORT. — Mr. Brophy, from the Universal Suffrage Association of Dublin, will lecture in the Chartist room, on Sunday evening. Persons wishing his services whilst he remains in the district must write to Mr. Clark, Bomber’s-brow, Stockport.

BURY. — Mr. Brophy, late secretary of the Irish Universal Suffrage Association, will lecture on Monday evening next, in the Garden-street Lecture-room, to commence at eight o’clock.

DROYLSDEN. — Mr. Brophy will lecture at this place, on Tuesday evening next, in the Chartist room.

LONDON. — A public meeting of the boot and shoe makers will be held in the Hall of Science, City road, noar Finsbury-square, on Tuesday evening next, February 1st, 1842. at seven o’clock pre-cisely, Feargus O’Connor, Esq. has accepted an invitation, and will attend and address the meeting.

The Weavers of London have at length aroused from their torpor, and are about to hold an aggregate meeting for the “ Charter” in Spitalfields in the early part of the week.

Mr. R. Ridley will lecture in the Hall of the Political and Scientific Institute, 55, Old Bailey, on Sunday next, at seven o’clock in the evening.

BLACK BULL INN, Hammersmith-Road. — A public meeting, for dispatch of business, will be held on Tue ihy next, at eight o’clock precisely. The members are particularly requested to attend.

WANDSWORTH. — A special general meeting will be held on Sunday evening, January 30th, at Mr. Harris’s, tailor, Love-lane, on business of importance. The chair to be taken at half-past seven o’clock precisely.

ST PANCRAS. — Mr. Farrer will lecture next Sunday evening at the Feathers’ Tavern, Warren street, Tottenham-court-road. Subject- exclusive dealing and co-operation.

BERMONDSEY. — A meeting will be held on Monday evening next, at seven o’clock, at the Horn’s Tavern, Crucifix lane. The attendance, of all the members is requested.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Benbow lectures here to-morrow morning.

CARPENTERS' ARMS, BRICK-LANE, SPITALFIELDS. — Mr. Smallwood will lecture on the Charter, &c. on Sunday next, January the 30th, at seven in the evening.

RED LION, KING-STREET, GOLDEN-SQUARE. — Mr. L. H. Leighs will lecture on free trade fallacies, on Sundry evening next.

THREE CROWNS, RICHMOND STREET, SOHO. — Mr. J. Fussell will lecture on Sunday evening next.

WORKING-MEN'S HALL, CIRCUS-STREET, MARYLEBONE. — Mr. J. Leach, president of the Executive, will lecture on Sunday evening, Feb, 6th, at seven in the ovt ning.

POLITICAL AND SCIENTIFIC INSTITUTE, OLD BAILEY. - Mr J. Campbell, secretary of the Executive, will lecture on Sunday evening, February 6th, at seven o’clock in the evening precisely.

Mr. Balls is expected to lecture at the Albion Coffee-house, Shoreditch, on Sunday evening next, at seven precisely.

Birth of Thomas Paine. — The above event will be celebrated by a public dinner at the Black Bull Inn Hammersmith-road, on Monday next. Dinner on the table at half-past six. The proprietor of the English Chartist Circular will preside. Tickets, single, 2s each ; double, to admit a lady and gentleman, 3s. 6d, each,

Mr. Martin will lecture at the Hit or Miss, West-street, Devonshire-street, Mile-end, on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock precisely; and Mr. Fussell at eight.

BILSTON. — A meeting of delegates for the Southern Division of Staffordshire, will be held in Bilston, on Sunday, the 23rd inst. The meeting to commence at two o’clock in the afternoon.

SOWERBY. — A ball will be held in the association room, on Shrove Tuesday, to commence at six o’clock in the evening, the profits to go towards the expence of the fund for sending members to sit in the ensuing Convention.

BATH. — Mr. Philp will lecture on Sunday next, at 5, Galloway Buildings.

Mr. J. T. Lund will lecture during the week as following Monday, Jan. 31st, Kendal ; Tuesday, Ulverstone ; Wednesday, Milnthorpe; Thursday, Kirkby Lonsdale; Friday. Settle; Saturday, Higher Bentham; Monday, Feb. 7th, Lancaster.

Mr. John Leach will lecture in Brown-street, Manchester, on Sunday next ; on Monday at Staley-bridge; Tuesday, the 1st February, at Openshaw ; Wednesday, at Ashton-under-Line.

PRESCOT. — Every Chartist belonging to this Association, or in any way connected, is particularly requested to attend on Saturday evening, Jan. 29th, at the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Bond-street, precisely at seven o’clock, as business of very great importance will have to be transacted.

LONDON. — On Wednesday, Feb. 2nd., Feargus O’Connor, Esq., will deliver a lecture in the Hatter’s National Charter Association Room, on the principles of the People’s Charter, The attendance and co-operation of all Trades is earnestly requested.

Meetings are held at Mr. Martin’s Coffee House, 3, Church-street, Shoreditch, on Sunday and Monday evenings, for public lectures and discussions, and on Thursday evening, Council meetings. Each meeting to begin at eight o’clock.

PRESTON. — Mr. Henry Hunt, of Singlehurst, will lecture in the Chartist Room, on Monday evening, 31st January. Subject, "Analysis of Mr. Livisey’s Corn Law Repeal publications, yclept, the ' Alarm’ and the ‘Struggle.’”

MACCLESFIELD. — The county delegate meeting will take place in the Association Rooms, Watercotes, at ten o’clock in the forenoon of Sunday next, when the business will immediately be proceeded with, and all delegates are requested to bring sufficient funds with them for the settlement of the lecturers’ fund and country delegate fund.

Mr. Henry Candy’s Route for next Week. — Monday, Jan. 31, Guildhall, Huddersfield, at eight o’clock in the evening: Tuesday, Feb. 1st, School of Science, Shop-lane, Kirkheaton, at half-past seven o’clock; Wednesday, Feb. 2d, Shipwreck Inn, Yew Green, at seven o’clock; Thursday, Feb. 3rd, Grove Inn, Lepton, at eight o’clock; Friday, Feb. 4th, at Paddock, at eight o’clock; Saturday, Feb. 5th, at the house of Mr Wm. Rottill, Slaithwaite, at seven o’clock in the evening.

HONLEY. — On Sunday, February 6th. the opening of the New Chartist Hall, Honley, will take place, when two lectures will be delivered; that in the afternoon, by Mr. Joseph Bray, to commence at half-past two o’clock ; and in the evening, at six-o’clock, by Mr. Henry Candy, the district missionary.

Mr. Campbell will lecture in the Chartist Institute, Sheffield, on the afternoon of Sunday, the 30th Jan., and in Figtree-lane, at night. He will be at the public dinner at Nottingham on Monday 31st, and will lecture in the Democratic Chapel, on Tuesday night; will be in Loughborough on Wednesday night; in Leicester on Thursday night; in Rugby on Friday night ; in Northampton on Saturday night; and in Bristol, on Monday, the 7th February, to meet his Executive colleagues.

On Tuesday evening, February 1st, Mr. J. R. Cooper will deliver a lecture on the principles and character of Thomas Paine, in the Chartist Room, Redfearn-street; discussion invited. Admission one penny. Chair to be taken at eight o’clock precisely. In consequence of the above lecture, the members of the Manchester Operatives’ Mutual Improvement Society will not meet on Tuesday evening; but will meet instead, on Thursday evening, the 3rd of February. A discussion is held in the above room on every Sunday afternoon. Admission free.

TODMORDEN. — The Rev. W. V. Jackson, of Manchester, will deliver a lecture upon the principles or total abstinence, on Monday night, at eight o’clock, in the Wesleyan Association School Room. And on Tuesday night following, he will deliver a lecture on the principles of Democracy, in the Mechanics Institute, Bridge-street, to commence at eight o’clock. A tea-party and ball will be held on Shrove Tuesday.

WESTBURY. — A delegate meeting will be held at Mr. Tucker’s, on Sunday, Feb. 16th, at which it is expected the attendance of delegates will be full, an important business will be introduced.

EAST AND NORTH RIDING. — Mr. Jones, the East and North Riding lecturer will lecture at the following places during the next week:—viz:, Monday, at Pocklington; Tuesday, at Holme; Wednesday and Thursday, at Beverley ; Saturday and Monday, at Bridlington.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Charles Connor will lecture here next Sunday, at half-past two o’clock, in the association room, Yorkshire-street. All persons holding the National Petition sheets for signature, are requested to bring them in.

BRIGHTON. — The Chartists residing in Brighton are requested to attend a general meeting on Wednesday evening next, when the balance sheet for the last quarter and the first annual report of the proceedings of the body will be presented to them for approval, and the nominations for the General Council for the ensuing year will take place. The attendance of every member is requested.

The South Lancashire Delegate Meeting will be held on Sunday morning, Feb. 6th, in the Chartist Room, Brown-street, near St. Andrew’s Church, Manchester, when it is particularly requested that delegates from the following places will attend :— Bolton, Leigh, Wigan, Chowbent, Heywood, Ratcliff, and all the localities in South Lancashire, on very important business.

Mr. Mason’s Route for the ensuing week : —Birmingham, Freeman-street Association Room, on Sunday, evening; Worcester, on Monday evening ; Kidderminster, on Tuesday evening; Dudley, on Wednesday evening ; Bilston, on Thursday evening.

Mr. W. D. Taylor, county lecturer, will visit the following places in the ensuing week Nottingham Democratic Chapel, Sunday; King George on Horseback, Monday; Newark, Tuesday; Ilkstom-, Wednesday; and Paddington on Saturday evening.

BATH. — Mr. R. K. Philp will lecture in the Association Room on Sunday evening, at half-past six o’clock.

HALIFAX. — Mr. Charles Connor will deliver a lecture on the rights of labour, in the Charter Institution, on Monday night, to commence at eight o’clock.

STOCKPORT JUVENILES. — Wm. Schofield lectures to-morrow night.

MANCHESTER BROWN STREET JUVENILES. — Wm. Nuttall lectures to-morrow afternoon.

BOLTON. — On Sunday next, the Rev. W. V. Jackson, of Manchester, will preach three sermons in the Chartist Rooms, Howell Croft, Collections will be made to defray expenses, and towards building a place of worship for the preacher and hie congregation. Services to commence at half-past ten, half-past two, and six o’clock.

LOUGHBOROUGH. — Mr. Campbell will lecture here on Wednesday, February 2nd, at seven o'clock.

NOTTINGHAM. — A sermon will be preached next Sunday evening, at the Chapel Rice Place, by Mr. W. D. Taylor, for the benefit of the stonemasons now on strike at the New Houses of Parliament and Nelson’s Monument.

Mr. Duffy will lecture at Sheffield on Monday next. He will also be at the service of any party of the same neighbourhood, the whole of the week. Mr. D. begs to acknowledge the kindness of the Bradford friends in presenting him with £1.

STROUD. — Mr. Knowles’ Route. —On Monday, the 31st instant, at Tewkesbury ; on Tuesday, Feb. 1st, at Winchcomb; on Wednesday, the 2nd, at Cheltenham ; on Thursday, the 3d, at Cirencester ; on Friday, the 4th, at Tetbury ; on Saturday, the 5th, at Wotton-under-Edge ; and on Sunday, the 6th, at Stroud.

BRADFORD MOOR. — Mr. Hodgson will lecture on Monday evening, at eight o’clock.

DUNKIRK-STREET. — Messrs. Dewhirst and Ross will lecture at the Robin Hood, on Monday night, at eight o’clock.

LIDGET GREEN. — Mr. Ainley will lecture on Monday night, at eight o’clock.

SWAIN GREEN. — Mr. Brook will lecture at the house of Mr. Robert Webster, Royal Oak Inn, at eight o’clock.

NORTH TAVERN. — Mr. Ibbotton will lecture on Sunday evening, at six o’clock.

WHITE ABBEY. — Mr. Smyth will lecture at eight o’clock, on Monday evening.

The Female Chartists of Manchester-road, Bradford, intend getting up a tea party and ball, at the house of Mr. James Sharpe, the Queen’s Arms, on Shrove Tuesday, for the benefit of Messrs. Peddie, Brook, Walker, and Naylor, who are now in prison, having Suffered nearly two years imprisonment on account of the affair at Bradford, in 1840. Messrs Peddie and Brook have each one year longer to serve. A limited number of tickets only are issued, and those who wish to purchase them will do well to make an early application, they may be had at the following places at one shilling each, including both tea and ball: — Mr. James Ibbotson, bookseller, Bradford; Mr, Alder-son, tailor, Bank-street, Bradford ; Mrs. Smith, Thompson’s Houses, Bradford; Mr. Smyth, Manchester road ; Mr. Elliss, Manchester-road ; Mr. Carodus, Wapping; Mr. Burrows, Great Horton; Mr. J. Horton, Little Horton Green; Mr. Brook, Little Horton.

ASHTON. — On Monday evening, the Chartists of Ashton will perform the trial of the patriot Emmett, in the Hall of Science, Campfield. Doors open at half-past seven, and to commence at eight.

BIRMINGHAM. — A delegate meeting will be held at the sign of the Ship, Steelhouse-lane, Birmingham, on Sunday, Feb. the 6th, when every town in the district is expected to send a delegate.

WOODHOUSE. — A public meeting of the Chartists of Woodhouse will take place on Tuesday evening next, at the Black Bull Inn, when Messrs. Westlake, Fraser, and Roberts, from the Press Committee, will attend and address the meeting ; to commence at eight o'clock.

LEEDS. — A meeting of the Press Committee will be held in the Association Room, on Wednesday night, at half-past seven o’clock. Every member is requested to attend.


