HOLBECK. - Mr. Hill will E-reach two sermons or Sunday to-morrow; in the afternoon, at half past two, and six.

LONDON. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Chartist Hall, Star-street, Bethnal Green.

Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Monday evening, at tho Britannia, Waterloo Road.

Mr. Sewell will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Goldbeater’s Arms, Old St. Pancras Road.

Mr. Bairstow will lecture at the Star Coffee House, Golden-square, next Sunday evening, at seven o’clock. A collection will be made.

Mr. Skelton, of tho Clock House locality will lecture on Sunday evening, at 55. Old Bailey. Subject —Union, and the best, means to be adopted to obtain the same. To commence at seven o’clock precisely.

CAMBERWELL. — Mr. Sewell will lecture here on the 6th of February.

Mr J. R H. Bairstow will lecture at the National Association Hall, 242, High Holborn, on Monday next. Admission to body of the Hall, 1d, to the gallery, 2d, to the platform, 3d. Lecture to commence at 8 o’clock precisely.

The Members of the General Council from the following localities in the county of Surrey and Kent are respectfully requested to attend at the King’s Arms, King-street, Borough, on Sunday Feb. 5th, at half-past two o’clock, for the purpose of transacting business of the uttermost importance, connected with the above counties, viz ; Camberwell, Cock Inn ; Walworth, Montpelier Tavern ; Waterloo-road, Britannia Coffee House, (Teetotallers) ; St. Olave’s and St. John’s, Crucifix-lane, Bermondsey, Ship Tavern; Croydon, ILld Faced Stag; Southwark, Stay Coffee House'; Newington, Cross-street ; Kingston, Chartist Hall; Deptford, Prince of Wales; Lambeth, China Walk ; Southwark, Brown Bear (hatters); Bermondsey, Raven and Sun ; (leather finishers). It isearuestly requested that the members of tho above localities see that their officers attend to their duty upon this important occasion.

National Association. — On Sunday evening next, Mr. Barry will lecture in the Hall, on the Press of America, France, and England. On Wednesday evening, he will deliver tho first of three lectures on " British Oratory—the Pulpit, the Bar, and the Senate.”

On Monday Evening next, Mr. Bairstow will lecture in the hall, on “the State of Political Parties and the Prospects of Democracy.”

FINSBURY. — The Chartists will meet on Tuesday evening next, at half past eight o’clock, at the Cannon Coffee House, Old street.

SOUTHWARK. — W. D. Saul, Esq., will address the Men of Southwark, at the Workingmen’s Church, Dockhead, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock.

Messrs. Gathard and Roberts will address the Men of Southwark, on Sunday week, at eight o'clock in the evening, at Mr. Roache’s, Red Lion, Maize, Tooley-street, Borough.

A Public Meeting of the Members of the Barns-bury locality will be held on Sunday evening, at the Flora Tavern, York-placc, for the transaction of important business ; a lecture will also be delivered.

The Clerkenwell Chartists meet at the Patriot Coffee House, Clerkenwell Green, on Monday evening next.

The members of the Lambeth Youths’ locality are requested to attend on Sunday next, on business of importance.

Mr. Wheeler will lecture at the Britannia Coffee House, 86, Waterloo Road, London, on Monday evening, at half-past eight o’clock.

TOWER HAMLETS. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Sunday evening, at seven o'clock, at the Chartist School Room, Grey Eagle-street.

Mr. Sewell will lecture at the Gold Beaters' Arms, Somers Town, on Sunday evening, Feb. 5.

Mr. Ruffy Ridley will deliver a farewell address, at the Gold Beaters' Arms, Somers Town, on Sunday evening, the 5th February.

Mr. Knight will lecture to the Chartists of Bloomsbury, at the Prince of Wales, No. 9, Little Coram-street, Brunswick-square, on Sunday, (to-morrow).

The Chartists of the Shoreditch locality are requested to meet at the house of Mr. Darlisson, 21, Sachwill-street, Bethnal Green, on Sunday next and for the future.

A public meeting of the Anti-Corn Law party will be held on Tuesday evening, at the Horns Tavern, Kennington Common. Several well known advocates will attend.

KIDDERMINSTER. - Mr. Clissett will preach two sermons on Sunday, at the Temperance Coffee House, Lion-field, for the benefit of Mrs. Ellis.

Mr. Beesley will lecture at Blackburn on Sunday ; Accrington, on Tuesday ; Bacup, on Wednesday ; and at Burnley, on Thursday. 

Mr. Henry Sansford will lecture at the Prince of Wales, Leamington, on Sunday next, at half past six.

NEWTON HEATH. - Mr. James Leach, of Manchester, will lecture here in the Chartist Room, on Sunday, at two o'clock in the afternoon. A collection will be made at the close of the lecture, on behalf of John Massey. 

FAILSWORTH. - Mr. James Leach, of Manchester, will lecture at the Pole-Lane School, in this place on Sunday, at six o'clock in the evening. A collection will be made at the close of the lecture on behalf of John Massey.

UPPER WARLEY. - A lecture will be deliver in the Association room, on Sunday evening at six o'clock, by Mr. J. Clayton, of Midgley.

BROMSGROVE. - A supper will take place at Mr. Leek's, Queen's Head Inn, High-street, Bromsgrove, on Monday, in honour of the liberation of Mr. Mason, from Stafford Gaol, and likewise of his manly and patriotic conduct in advocating the rights of the working millions, and his stern adherence to the People's Charter. Mr. George White of Birmingham, will accompany Mr. Mason. Tickets to be had at Mr. Leek's, Queen's Head; Mr. H. Prosser, Worcester-street ; and Mr. James Hall, Sidemore.

Mr. Gammage, of Northampton, will lecture at the following places, durig the next week :-Cheltenham, Monday ; Gloucester, Tuesday ; Cinderford, Forest of Dean, Wednesday ; Stroud, Thursday ;  Wotton-under-Edge, Friday.

BURY. - Mr. William Dixon, of Manchester, will lecture in this town on Monday evening next, in the Garden-street lecture room, at eight o'clock. Mr. Davies from Hawick (Scotland) will therefore have no occasion to go, Mr. Dixon being engaged previous to receiving his letter. Mr. Davies would have been written to but his letter was without directions.

KEIGHLEY. - The usual delegate meeting of the Keighley district will be held in the Working Man's Hall, Sun-street, on Sunday, Feb. 5th, at ten o'clock in the forenoon. A full attendance of delegates is requested, as business of importance is to be transacted. 

Mr. Ruffy Ridley's Tour previous to his appearance at the Gloucester Assizes for sedition: — Reading, Monday, Feb. 6th —Oxford, Tuesday and Wednesday, Feb. 7th and 8th— Wisney, Thursday and Friday, 9th and l0th —Cheltenham, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday, 11th, 12th, and 13th —and at Winchcomb on Tuesday the 14th. All communications to be directed to him, at Mr. W. Perry’s, 2, High-street, Cheltenham.

BINGLEY. — Sermons will be preached on Sunday, (to-morrow,) by Messrs, Hammond and Kitchen, from Bradford, in the Forester’s Court Room.

MILES PLATTING. — The Chartists of this locality will open a new room on Sunday next, in Cropper-street, when Mr. William Dixon will deliver a lecture. The lecture to commence at halt-past six o clock. The room will be opened every Sunday evening, at half-past six.

HUDDERSFIELD. — “Chartism and Corn-Lawism,” -Placards with tho annexed title are now on the walls of Huddersfield, stating that Feargus O’Connor Esq., will deliver a lecture in the Philosophical Hall, on Saturday (this evening.) Doors open at six, and the lecture to commence at seven. Admission to the Gallery and Body of the Hall, one penny ; Orchestra, twopence. The League Repealers are challenged to attend," The Teetotal Band have kindly offered their services for the occasion, which were readily accepted.

A District Delegate Meeting will be held at Thurstonland, on Sunday next, (to-morrow,) in the Chapel, when it is hoped as many will attend as possible, as business of importance is to be transacted.

A Ball will take place on Monday evening, the 14th of February, at the Shipwreck Inn, Yew Green, for the benefit of Jonathan Frost, now a prisoner, out will be released on Saturday, the 12th. Dancing to commence at half-past seven. Tickets of Admission, fourpence each.

TODMORDEN. - Mr. Isaac Barrow, of Bolton will preach two sermons on Sunday (to-morrow) in the Oddfellows Hall, to commence at two o'clock in the afternoon, and six in the evening.

LOWER END OF WARLEY. — Mr. Wallace,of Halifax will deliver a lecture upon Theology, at Hoil-house, in this locality, on Sunday, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

NEWCASTLE. — The debating society meets in the Chartist hall, Cloth Market, every Sunday afternoon, at two o’clock. Subject of debate for next Sunday " Chartism and Home Colonisation. Sermons are preached in thi; Chartist hall every Sunday evening at half-past six o’clock.

DEWSBURY. — A district council meeting will be held on Sunday,(to-morrow) in the large room over the stores.

Mr. Ruffey Ridley will lecture at the Working Men’s Hall, Mile End Road, on Sunday evening, at seven o'cl-ock, Admission one penny.

SHEFFIELD. — Fig-Tree-Lane. — Mr. George Evin-ij u3on will lecture on Sunday evening, at half-past six: o’clock.

Mr Julian Harney will deliver an address on Monday'evening at half-past seven o’clock.

A Meeting of Members will be held on Wednesday evening, at half-past seven o’clock.

BRADFORD. — The Chartists of Bowling Back Lane will meet on Monday morning, in their room, at ten o’clock, on business of importance.

The Subscribers to the News Room are requested to meet on Sunday evening, at six o’clock, in the council room.

The Chartists of Daisy Hill will meet on Saturday night.

The Chartists of George’s-street are requested to meet on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, in their room.

On Sunday, at two o’clock, a discussion will take place, on the best means of obtaining the Charter, in the large room. Buttcrworth Buildings,

MERTHYR TYDVIL. — The political admirers of Thomas Paine propose to celebrate his birthday, on Monday evening, at the Three Horse Shoes, George Town