LONDON. — A general meeting of the members, meeting at the Crown and Anchor, Cheshire-street, Waterloo Town, will be held next Sunday evening, at eight o'clock, to take into consideration the getting up a petition for the dismissal of Baron Abinger from his judicial capacity as judge, for his partial conduct on the late trials. It is hoped the members will be at their post, as there is no time to be lost at this period.

A Meeting of the Metropolitan Victim Committee will bo held at the Dispatch, Bride Lane, at which Committee men from each locality, are expected to attend.

Mr. Bairstow will lecture at the Working Man’s Hall, 29 1/2 Mile End Road, on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, and in the evening at seven.

Mr. Wheeler will lecture Monday evening, at the Political and Scientific Institute, Broadway, Hammersmith.

Mr. Mantz will lecture on Monday evening, at Mr. Nutt’s Coffee rooms, High-street, Hampstead.

Mr. Ruffy Ridley will lecture on Sunday, at the Goldbeaters’ Arms, Somers Town.

Mr. John White, of Leamington, will lecture at the Saracen’s Head, Warwick, on Sunday next, at half-past six o’clock.

Mr. Keen will lecture on Monday next, at half-past eight o’clock, at the Britannia Coffee House, 38, Waterloo-road.

ALMONDBURY. — Mr. James Shaw, of Marsh, will lecture in tho Town Hall in Monday evening next. Chair to be taken at eight o’clock.

NEWARK. — A general meeting of the Chartists of this town, will be held on Sunday afternoon, Feb. 5th, at two o’clock. Business of great importance will be transacted.

NOTTINGHAM. — The " Shaksperian” Chartists of Nottingham will give a performance in the Theatre of that town, on Monday evening next, the proceeds to go to the Defence Fund. The pieces selected are " The Outcast mother and her son,” and “the mutiny at the Nore.”

Mr. Barber will lecture at Jekiston, next Sunday, at two o’clock in the afternoon, and Mr. Lilley, will lecture at Ruddington, at the same time.

CARLISLE. — On Sunday evening, Feb. 5th an original paper will be read at No, 6, John-street, Caldewgate, precisely at six o’clock, on the absolute necessity of the Chartist body generally, assisting, to the utmost of their power, all those persons and their immediate connections who have suffered, and are likely to suffer, from having advocated the cause of the people. Tho object is to got up a subscription in behalf the bereaved Mrs. Ellis. It is expected that every good Chartist will exert himself amongst his friends and acquaintances, to increase the subscription. Admission to the room gratis. All monies collected for this laudable purpose, must be paid to Mr. William Conlthard, the Treasurer.

STOCKPORT. — Mr. David Ross will deliver a lecture on the 9th of Feb., in the Youth’s Association room, Bombers Brow.

HULL. — Mr. West will lecture in Mr. Hill’s preaching room, Church Side, on Sunday evening next, at half-past six o’clock.

Mr. Ruffy Ridley’s route previous to his appearance at the Gloucester Assizes for sedition. Reading, Monday Feb. 6th ; Oxford, Tuesday and Wednesday Feb. 7th and 8th ; Witney, Thursday and Friday Feb, 9th and 10th ; Cheltenham, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday Feb, 11th, 12th, and 13th; Winchcomb, Tuesday Feb. 14th ; Gloucester, Wednesday Feb, 15th ; Strtud, Thursday Feb 16th ; Chatford, Saturday Feb. 18th ; Cirencester, Sunday and Monday Feb, 19th, and 20th ; Forest of Dean, Wednesday Feb 22ud. All communications to be directed to Mr. Ruffy Ridley, Mr. John Wakefield’s, Gloucester-street, Cirencester, Gloucestershire.
