BIRMINGHAM. — Delegate Meeting.— All towns in Birmingham district are requested to send delegates to the meeting to be held to-morrow (Sunday) at two o'clock, at the Ship Inn, Steelhouse-lane, as business of the first importance will be transacted.

SHEFFIELD. — National Charter Association Fig-tree-lane, —The Youths’ Association will meek here at ten o’clock—Sunday Morning. The Council will meet at two o’clock. Mr. Julian Harney will lecture in the above room on Sunday evening, at half-past bix o’olock. Subject—“The Queen’s speech.”
	The Female Chartists will meet in the above room on Monday evening, at six o’clock,
	Mr. G. J. Holyoake will lecture in the above room, Fig Tree Lane, on Monday evening, at half-past seven o'clock. Subject - " The Character, Duty, and destiny of the Working Classes. "
	The Members of the Association will meet in the above room on Tuesday evening, at half-past seven o’clock.

MANCHESTER. — On Sunday evening, Mr. Bell, of Salford, will lecture at Redfern-street; Mr Crowder, at Brown-street; Mr. Dunavan, at Strand-street ; Mr. Smithurst, at Miles Platting: Mr. Storer, at York-street.

RATCLIFFE. — Mr. Booth will lecture here on Sunday evening.

ECCLES. — Mr. Griffin, of Manchester, will lecture here on Monday evening.

STOCKPORT. — Mr. Griffin lectures here on Sunday evening.

SHEFFIELD POLITICAL INSTITUTE. — Rev. W. V. Jackson will preach three sermons next Sunday, and lecture on Monday evening.

TROWBRIDGE. — On Monday evening, Mr. E. P. Mead will lecture in King's Mead-square, upon “The evils resulting from the State Church,” and on Wednesday evening, in Hope Chapel, Trowbridge, on “The fall of Jerusalem.”

Mr. John Leach will lecture in York-Street, Chorlton, Manchester, on Sunday next ; on Monday, in Failsworth ; on Tuesday, in Newton Heath : Wednesday, in Hollinwood; on Thursday, in Middleton ; and on Friday, in Mossley.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. J. Mitchell, of Stockport, will lecture in the Association Room, Yorkshire-street, Sunday (to-morrow) at half-past two in the after-noon, and six in the evening.

LEIGH. - Mr. J, Webster will address the Chartists of Leigh on Sunday next, at three o’clock in the afternoon.

MANCHESTER. — There will be a meeting of the General Council in Manchester, at Brown-street Association Room, on Sunday, the 13th of February, at ten o’clock in tho forenoon, when it is expected as many will attend as can make it convenient, as there is some very important business to be transacted.

BILSTON. — A meeting of delegates will be held in Bilston, Sunday, February 6th, when delegates from Walsall, Darlaston, Wednesbury, and Wolverhampton will be expected to attend.

BURY. — Mr. Michael Roberts will lecture at the Cbuvtist room on Monday evening next.

LEICESTER. — Mr. Cooper will preach in the Shakesperean room next Sunday night.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. J. Leach, President of the Executive, will lecture in the Working Men’s Hall, Circus-Street, on Sunday evening, February 6. Chair to be taken at seven o’clock.

LONDON. — There will be a lecture at the Albion Coffre-house, 3, Church-street, Shoreditch, on Sunday, the 6th February ; and a members’ meeting on Wednesday, the 9th of February. There will be no meeting next Monday.

NORTH LANCASHIRE. — Mr. Lund’s route - Monday, February 7, at Lancaster; Tuesday, 8th, at Preston ; Wednesday, 9th, at Clithero; Thursday, lOfch, at Sabden ; Friday, 11th, at Barnoldswick ; Saturday, 12th, at Colne; Monday, 14th, at Harwood; Tuesday, l0th,at Burnley; Wednesday, 16th, at Todmorden ; Thursday, 17th, at Bacup ; Friday, 18th, at Baxenden ; Saturday, 19th, at Chorley; and on Monday, 21st, at Blackburn.

HONLEY. — A tea party and soiree will be held in the Chartist Association Room, Honley, on Tuesday next. Tickets for ladies 8d.; ditto for gentlemen, 3d.; admittance after tea, ladies 2d. ; gentlemen 3d. Tickets to be had of Mr. John Horsfall, and the Council, Honley.

DAISY HILL. — Mr. John Arran, of Bradford, will preach here on Sunday afternoon, at two ; and Mr. Joseph Hammond, of Four Lane Ends, at six in the evening. A collection after each service, to defray the expence of fitting up the room.

HALIFAX. - Mr- Charles Connor will deliver a lecture on on tho rights of labour in the Charter Institution, on Sunday next, to commence at six o’clock in the evening.
On Shrove Tuesday, a ball and other entertainments suitable for the passing of a few hours in mirth and jollity, will be hold in the above institution, to commence at seven o’clock. Admission, members 3d, each ; non members, 6d. each —the surplus, after defraying the necessary expences, to go towards defraying the exponces of tho forthcoming Convention.

HAZEL GROVE. — Mr. Joseph Carter, of Stockport, will lecture, here to-morrow night, at six o’clock.

MOSSLEY. — Mr. Thomas Clark, of Stockport, will lecture here on Sunday next. Subject— ” The distress, cause and remedy.”

DERBYSHIRE. — Mr. Bairstow will preach at Burnon-on-Trent, on Sunday evening, (to-morrow,) at six o’clock. He will lecture at Newhall, on Monday evening, Feb. 7th, at seven o’clock. At Swadlincote, on Tuesday evening, at seven o’clock ; and at Burton on Wednesday evening, at seven o’clock.

LEEDS. — Mr. Frazer will lecture in the Chartist Room, Cheapside, on Sunday evening next, in the afternoon of the same day, a discussion will take place, on the most proper means to be adopted by the people, when the Charter becomes the Law of the land.

Mr. Knowles’ Route for the ensuing week — On Monday, the 7th, at Gloucester; Tuesday, the 8th, at Fainswiek ; Wednesday, tho 9th, at Nailsworth ; Thursday, the 10th. at Uley ; Friday, the 11th, at Stanley ; Saturday, the 12th, at Chalford ; Sunday, the 13th, at Stroud.

SURREY COUNCIL. —The adjourned meeting of this body, will be held on Sunday next, at 1, China-walk, on business of great importance. Any member of the General Council, residing in the London district, is requested to attend to render every assistance at this important moment. Chair to be taken at three o’clock precisely.

UPPER WORTLEY. — The Rev. Wm. Hill will lecture on Tuesday next, at half-past seven o'clock in the evening, at the National Charter Association room, near the New Inn, Wortley Moor.

HALIFAX. — A district delegate meeting will be held in the Chartist meeting room, Swan Coppice, on Sunday next, at two o’clock in the afternoon. It is particularly requested that every association will send delegates, as business of importance will be brought before the meeting.

On Sunday evening next, Mr. Lees will lecture in the large room, at the Star Coffee-house, Golden-lane, at seven o’clock.

ASHTON. — On Sunday next, Mr. Thomas Storer will lecture in the Charter Association-room, Wellington road, Charlestown, at six o’clock in the evening.

DUKENFIELD. - The Chartists of this place are requested to meet in their room, Hall Green, on Sunday afternoon, at two o’clock. Mr. John Bradley, of Hyde, will lecture in the evening, at half-past five.

STANNINGLEY. — Two lectures will bo delivered in the Chartist room, on Sunday, in the afternoon at two o’clock, and in the evening at six o’clock, by Thomas Ibbotson, of Bradford.

Mr. W. Jones, the East and North Riding lecturer will visit the following towns during the ensuing week, viz. Monday, the 7th, at Bridlington ; Tuesday and Wednesday, at Scarborough; Thursday and Friday, at Malton ; and on Sunday, the 13th, in the Association Room, Fossgate, York.

Delegate Meeting. — An East and North Riding delegate meeting will beheld at Selby, on Sunday, the 20th, of the present month, at half-past ten o’clock in the forenoon,

Mr. Henry Candy’s Route for next Week. — Monday, February 7th, Holmfirth ; Tuesday, the 8th, New Mill ; Wednesday, the 9th, Newsome, at eight o'clock ; Thursday, tho 10th, Dalton, at eight o’clock ; Friday, the 11th, at the Rose and Crown Inn, Longwood, at eight o’clock; Saturday, the l2th, at the Waggon and Horses Inn, Out Lane, at seven o'clock.

HONLEY. — On Sunday, to-morrow, two lectures will be delivered in the new Chartist Hall, Honley, that in the afternoon at half-past two, by Joseph Bray ; and at six in the evening, byfHenry Candy.

HEYWOOD. — Mr. Wm. Bell, formerly of Manchester, but now of Heywood, will deliver a lecture in the Chartist association room, Harley-street, on Monday night next. The Chartists will hold a ball in the same room, on Saturday the 12th inst. Tickets 3d. each, to be had of Mr. Thomas Wrigley, Newsagent, Chapel-street.

Mr. Masom’s Route for the ensuing Week. — Birmingham, Freeman-street, on Sunday evening ; Wednesbury, on Monday evening; Darleston, on Tuesday evening ; Nuneaton, on Thursday evening ; and Coventry, jou Friday evening,

Mr. W. D. Taylor’s Route for the ensuing Week. — Nottingham, Sunday evening ; Ilkestone, Monday, to attend a public meeting ; Old Barford, Tuesday ; Lambley, Wednesday ; and Carrington, Saturday evening.

On Tuesday, the 8th, a grand tea party, concert, and ball, will take place in the same room. Tickets, gentlemen, 10d., ladies, 8d. each, to be had of Mr. C. Wood, John Horsfall, Brummall Dyson, and James Eastwood.

ABERDARE. — A public meeting will be held near the Bute Arms, on Tuesday next, to oppose the proposed rate on the inhabitants.

Mr. Doyle lectures this evening at the Angel Inn, Mottram ; to-morrow, at two in tho afternoon, at Hollingworth; and on Monday evening, at Glossop.

BRADFORD, NORTH TAVERN. — Mr. Arran will lecture on Sunday evening, at six o’clock.

GREAT HORTON. — Mr. Smyth will lecture here on Monday night, at eight o'clock.

THREE PIGEONS. — Mr. Ainley will lecture on Monday evening, at eight o’clock.

BOWLING BACK LANE. — On Sunday evening, at five o’clock, Mr. Brook will lecture.

MANCHESTER ROAD. — Mr. Ibbotson will lecture at Mr. White’s, on Sunday night, at six o’clock.

THOMPSON'S HOUSES. — Mr. Ross will lecture on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock.

Tea Party and Ball. — The female Chartists of Manchester Road are getting up a tea party and ball at the house of Mr. J. Sharp, the Queen’s Arms Inn, for the benefit of the four Chartist victims, Messrs, Peddie, Brook, Walker, and Naylor. The whole of these have suffered two years’ imprisonment in various Houses of Correction, and the two first named have each thirteen months longer to stay. Tiokets, price Is, each, to he hau of the following persons - Mr. Ibbotson, Mr. Smith, Mrs. Smith, Messrs. Heaton, Brook, Burrows, Carrodus, and Ellis.

WOLVERHAMPTON. — Mr. Mogg will deliver a lecture at Monmore Green, on Sunday morning (to-morrow) at half-past two o’clock, to the colliers residing in that locality.

DEPTFORD, KENT. — A public meeting for the adoption of the National Petition will be held at the Lord Duncan, Broadway, Deptford, on Tuesday evening next, at seven o’clock precisely. Mr. Stallwood, from London, and other advocates, will address tho meeting.

LEEDS DISTRICT. — Lectures will be delivered in this district on Sunday, (to-morrow night,) as follows : —Mr. Fraser in the Association room, Cheap-side. Mr. John Smith in the Association room, Holbeck. Mr. Longstaff at the Black Bull, Wood-house, and Messrs. Chambers and Stenhouse in the Association room, Upper Wortley. Each lecture to commence at half past six o’clock, Mr. John Smith will lecture at Holbeck, on Sunday the 13th inst.

