Mr. O’CONNOR will address the Chartists of Huddersfield twice on Sunday next, in their new Hall, as announced in the Star of last week. On Monday, he will address the Chartists of Sheffield, at eight o'clock in the evening ; and on Thursday, he will address the Chartists of Leeds, in their own Hall.

LONDON. — HALL, TURN-AGAIN-LANE. —Mr. Gall will deliver a public address in the above Hall, on Tuesday evening next.

FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE VICTIM, Samuel Lee, of Glossop. —An Harmonic meeting will be held at the Bricklayers Arms, Homer-street, New Road, Paddington, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock.

FOR THE BENEFIT of Thomas Preston. — A second Harmonic Meeting will be held at the Feathers Tavern, Warren-street, Fitzroy-square, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Mee will deliver a public lecture at the Mechanics' Institute, Circus-street, on Sunday evening next.

SOMERSTOWN. — Mr. Illingworth will deliver a lecture at the Bricklayer's Arms, Tonbridge-street, Cromer-street, on Sunday evening next, at half-past seven.

WESTMINSTER.—Mr. Grover will deliver an address at the Golden Lion, Dean-street, Soho, on Sunday evening next, at half-past seven.

BATH. — Mr. C. Bolwell will lecture at the Rooms of the Association on Monday evening next.

KIDDERMINSTER. — Mr. George White will lecture at the Albion Rooms, Mill-street, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock. Subject—The Evils of Class Legislation. —All communications to the Kidderminster Chartists must be addressed, (post-paid,) to Mr. Henry Crouch, Dudley-street, Kidderminster, Worcestershire.

NOTTINGHAM. — The play of John Frost will be performed in the Democratic Chapel, Rice-place, on the evening of Shrove Tuesday. The proceeds to be applied. to the liquidating of the debt contracted in defending the Mapperly Hill victims.

Mr. DORMAN will lecture in the Democratic Chapel to-morrow, (Sunday evening,) at six o’clock, on the " Life and Character of William Tell.” A collection will be made on behalf of Mr. Cooper and others, at present confined in Stafford Gaol.

ARNOLD. — Mr. M'Garth will lecture to-morrow, (Sunday evening) in the Large Room, at the Flying Horse, at six o’clock.

BROOMSGROVE.—A Public Supper will take place at the White Horse Inn, High-street, on Tuesday, the 6th instant, in honour of the liberation of Mr. George White. A public meeting will also be held in front of the Market-hall: Mr. White will address the meeting.

MANCHESTER. — The Subscribers to the old Radical Association Building Fund (of 1836) will hold their adjourned meeting in the ante-room of the Carpenters’ Hall, on Sunday evening next, immediately after the close of the lecture.

ASHTON. — Mr. Donavan, of Manchester, will lecture in the Chartist Association Room, Bentick-street, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock.

HYDE. — A lecture will be delivered in the Chartist Association Room, opposite Mr. R. Ashton’s factory, on Sunday next, at six o’clock in the evening.

BOLTON. — A Bolton friend will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Association Room, New Port Street, Bolton, at half-past six o’clock in the evening.

THE BOLTON DELEGATE MEETING will take place on Sunday, the 4th of February, when delegates from the following places are expected to attend: — Bury, Ratcliffe Bridge, Halshaw Moor, Tyldsley, Chowbent, Astley, Bradshaw, Turton, and the surrounding districts.
