LONDON. - CLOCK-HOUSE, CASTLE-STREET, LEICESTER-SQUARE. - Mr. Bolwell will lecture here on Sunday evening. Subject—" The Life of Robert Emmett."	.

Mr. Knight will lecture on Monday evening at Mr. Nutt’s Coffee-house, High-street, Hampstead.

Feargus O'Connor will lecture on Tuesday evening inst., at the Rotunda, Blackfriar’s-road, " On the capability of the soil of our native country, if pro-perly cultivated, to employ and maintain the whole population.” Admission twopence; the proceeds to go to the benefit of the widow of the late Mr. George. The widow will be present, and after deducting the expences, the proceeds wjIi be handed to her then and there. Mr. Cluer, the Cumberland weaver, will also address the meeting. The Lambeth Chartists hope this notice will be read in every locality in and around London, to secure a full attendance.

Mr. Skelton will lecture to the United body of Boot and Shoemakers, at the Star Coffee House, Golden-lane, on Sunday. A general meeting of the members will be held on the same evening, at half past six o’clock, to nominate a member for the Executive Committee, when other business of great importance will be laid before them. Lecture to commence at eight o’clock. Mr. Mantz will lecture here on the following Sunday.

KING'S ARMS, KING STREET, BOROUGH. - A Meeting having been called for half-past two o’clock on Sunday last, by some person or persona connected with Chartism, such persons not attending to bring forward any business, the meeting was adjourned tun til Sunday the 19th of February, at half-past five, at the same place, to give further time for them to come forward. Jt is earnestly desired that all council men resident in Surrey, will attend to transact the business which may be laid before them.

Mr. Bolwell, of Bath, will lecture at the Working Men’s Hall, 28 1/2, Mile-end-road, on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock. One penny will be charged, towards defraying the expences of the Hall.

SHOREDITCH. — The members are requested to meet the council on business of importance, on Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock, at the Gloucester Coffee House, No. 1, Church-street. The Chartists of this locality meet every Tuesday evening.

HAMPSTEAD. — Mr. Martin, of Finsbury, will lecture at Mr. Nutt’s Coffee House, High-street, on Monday evening, at seven o’clock.

55, OLD BAILEY. — The City of London Female Chartists meet here on Tuesday evening, at seven o’clock, for the purpose of electing a secretary.

CORAM STREET. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Sunday evening, to the Bloomsbury Chartists.

HAMMERSMITH. — A Public Meeting will be held on Monday evening, at the Star Coffee Rooms, Broadway, to petition Parliament for an inquiry into the conduct of Lord Abinger, during the late Special Commissions.

SKINNER-STREET. — A Public meeting of the Shareholders of the Central Hall, Skinner-street, will be held on Monday evening next, to nominate directors fur the ensuing year.

BERWICK-STREET. — Tailors, —The members of this body are specially summoned to attend on Monday evening, at the Three Doves, on business of importance.

SHEFFIELD. — Fig Tree Lane. —Mr. Harney will lecture on Sunday evening at seven o’clock.

A Public Meeting will be held on Monday, at half-past seven o’clock, when the past week’s doings in the Westminster Tax-Trap, will be considered, and the sense of the meeting thereon taken.

KIRKHEATON. — Mr. F. Vickerman will lecture on Sunday (to-morrow) in the Chartist School Room, Square. Chair to be taken at six o’clock in the evening.

MOSSLEY. — A public tea party will be held here in the Association Room, an Saturday next, Mr. Win. Dixon and a company of glee singers will be in attendance. Ticket— gentlemen 9d. and ladies 7d, each, to be had of Thomas Large, Baguley-hilD John Robinson, Brookbottom, and B. B. Broadbent, Fleece Inn, Mosley.

CARLISLE. — On Sunday evening, Mr. John Gilbertson will give his views on the following question: —  "Is egotism pardonable under certain circumstances, or ought it to be invariably and universally condemned ? " 

LUDDENDEN. — Mr. Benjamin Rushton, of Ovenden, will preach a sermon at this place on Sunday next, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

Mr. Ruffy Ridley’s Route. — Cheltenham, Sunday and Monday. Feb. 12th and 13th ; Winchcomb, Tuesday, Feb. 14th; Gloucester, Wednesday, Feb. 15th; Stroud, Thursday, Feb. 16th; Chatford ; Saturday, Feb. 18th; Cirencester, Sunday and Monday, Feb. 19th and 20th; Forest of Dean, Wednesday. Feb. 22nd. All communications to be addressed to R. Ridley, Mr. J. Wakefield, Gloucester-street, Cirencester.

CARRINGTON, NEAR NOTTINGHAM. - The Chartists of this locality intend holding a tea-party on Shrove-Tuesday, for the benefit of the political victims in Southwell House of Correction, when it is hoped every lover of liberty will lend his aid. Tickets, ninepence each, may be had of the following gentlemen: - Mr. James Sweet, newsagent, Goosegate, Nottingham; and  Mr. William Grundy, Chub row, Carrington; Mr. T. Caunt, barber, King William-street, Ditto; and of all the members of the Committee.

HOLLINWOOD. — Mr. Christopher Doyle will lecture here on Saturday (this evening) at 7 o’clock.

On Sunday evening next, Mr. Henry Harridge, of Bury, will lecture in the Chartist Meeting Room, Ralph Green, at six o’clock.

BURY. — The weekly meeting of the Chartists of this town will be held in the Garden-street Lecture Room, on Monday evening next, when there will be a friendly discussion on the various political questions of the day.

LEICESTER. — Mr. Rigby will lecture in the Amphitheatre, on Sunday next, (to-morrow, the proceeds to go to the General Defence Fund.

HALIFAX. — On Sunday (to-morrow) evening, Mr. A. Harrison of Elland, will deliver a lecture in the Large Room, Swan Coppice, to commence at 6 o’clock.

A meeting of the Chartists of Halifax, will take place on Monday evening, at 8 o’clock in the above room.

LOWER WARLEY.—On Sunday (to-morrow), Mr. Butterly will deliver a lecture at this place at 2 o’clock in the afternoon. Subject—Present position of Society.

HUDDERSFIELD. — A district delegate meeting wilt be held at the house of Stephen Dickenson, King-street, Hudersfield, on Sunday next, (to-morrow), at twelve o’clock, when it is hoped many will attend as business of importance will be laid before them.

Mr. Ross, of Manchester, will deliver a lecture in the Hall of Science, Bath Buildings, on Sunday the 19th.

MANCHESTER. — On Tuesday evening next, in the youth’s room. Spear-street, a public meeting will be held, when a youth of Manchester, will deliver a lecture on political principles.

BRADFORD. — A meeting of the Amusement Committee will be held on Sunday morning, at 9 o clock, in the Council Room, Butterworth’s Buildings.

The Brook and Peddie Tea Party Committee will meet on Sunday, at two o clock in the afternoon, in the Council Room, Butterworth’s Buildings.

A Lecture will be delivered in the Council Room, Butterworth’s Buildings, on the Only Means of Repealing the Legislative Union between Great Britain and Ireland, on Sunday evening at 6 o clock. — Free Admission. Discussion invited.

Mr. Smyth will lecture in the Association Room, Park Lane, Little Horton, on the Law of Primogeniture, on Sunday morning at 10 o’clock.

The Chartists of Bowling Back Lane, will meet in their room, on Sunday morning at lO o'clock, a full attendance is requested.

The Chartists ot Goodmansend will meet at Mr. Goldsborough’s, on Saturday evening at 3 o’clock, on important business.		

WARWICK. — Mr. James Green will lecture at the Prince of Wales, Leamington, on Sunday next, the chair to be taken at half-past six o’clock.

THURSTONLAND. — Mr. H. Marsden will lecture in the Democratic Chapel, at six o’clock in the evening.

HOLMFIRTH. — Mr. H. Marsden will lecture in the Wortley-hill school, on Sunday ihe 19th inst., on tha Necessity, Justice, and Utility of tho People’s Charter. To commence at six o’clock in the evening.

STALEY-BRIDGE. — Mr. Brown, from London, will lecture here on Thursday, the instant.

A Delegate Meeting of the framework-knitters of the Midland Counties will be held at the sign of the Plough and Harrow, Mansfield-road, Nottingham, on Monday, the 20th of this month, when business of vital importance will be brought before the. delegates; and it is requested that every town in the three counties will send a delegate. The chair to be taken at twelve o'clock precisely,

MANCHESTER. — Mr.Thomas Clark,from Stockport will deliver two lectures in the Carpenter’s Hall, on Sunday, (to-morrow,) at half-past two in the afternoon, and half-past six in the evening.

The South Lancashire delegate meeting will be held in the Brown-Street Chartist room on Sunday, (to-morrow,) at ten o'clock in the forenoon. The whole of the lecturers upon the South Lancashire Plan are requested to meet the delegates at the above time.

REDDITCH. — Mr. E. P. Mead will lecture here every Sunday and Monday evening, as long as he remains.
