LONDON. —EMMETT BRIGADE. —Mr. Mantz will deliver a lecture at the Bricklayers' Arms, Homer-Street, New Road, on Sunday evening next, at half- past seven.

CHELSEA. — The members, of the National Charter Association, residing in Chelsea, are requested to met at the Roebuck, Leader-street, on Friday next, at eight o’clock.

A PUBLIC MEETING of the shareholders of the Political and Scientific Institute, Turn-again-Iane, will be held in that building on Sunday afternoon, Feb. llth. Chair to be taken at half-past two o'clock.

LONDON. — MARYLEBONE — Mr. Sewell will deliver a public lecture at the Mechanics' Institute, Circus- street, on Sunday evening next, Feb. 11th.

TOWER HAMLETS. — Mr. Gardener will deliver a public address at the White Horse, St. Mary-street, Whitechapel, on Sunday evening next.

SOMERS TOWN. — Mr. Ruffy Ridley will deliver a lecture at the Bricklayer's Arms, Tonbridge-street, Cromer-street, on Sunday evening next.

WESTMINSTER. — Mr. Gale will deliver a public lecture at the Golden Lion Tavern, Dean-street, Soho, on Sunday evening next.

SOUTH LONDON CHARTIST HALL. — A Public Discussion will be hoiden in the above Hall, on Sunday evening next, on " the Rights of Property,” to commence at seven o’clock precisely. 

SOMERS TOWN. - The members of this locality are particularly requested to meet at the Bricklayers' Arms, Tonbridge'street, on Sunday evening next, at eight o’clock, on business of great importance.

TOWER HAMLETS. — The General Councillors residing in the Tower Hamlets, are requested to meet at the Crown and Anchor, Cheshire-street, Waterloo-town, on Sunday afternoon, at five o’clock.

MARYLEBONE. — A public meeting will be held on Wednesday evening next, February 14th, at the Mechanics’ Institution, Circus-street, New Road. Feargus O’Connor, Esq., will attend, and address the meeting. The members for the Borough are also invited, and expected to attend.

MR. GARDENER will lecture at the White Horse, Mary-street, Whitechapel-road, on Sunday evening, Feb. 11th, at eight o’clock.

ROYTON. — Mr. Wm. Bell, of Heywood, will deliver two lectures in the Chartist room, Royton, on Sunday the 11th inst— Subject for the afternoon, “ The circumstances that determine the rate of wages.” Evening, “ The Charter versus Free Trade.”

SOWERBY. — Mr. Smyth, of Bradford, will address the Chartists of Longroyd Sowerby, on Sunday the 18th instant: Subject—“Chartism; and the Currency question.” To commence at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six in the evening.

MR. M'GRATH’S ROUTE for the ensuing week : - Nottingham, Sunday, the 11th, in the Democratic Chapel, at six o’clock, and at Queen Caroline’s Large Room, at eight; Hucknall Torkard, Monday, the 12th ; Calverton, Tuesday, the 13th ; Sutton-in- Ashfield, Wednesday, the 14th; Mansfield, Thursday, the 15th.

ROCHDALE. - Mr. White will deliver a lecture on Sunday next, in the Chartist Association Room.

NOTTINGHAM. — A meeting will be held on Saturday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock, at Mr. Swann’s Temperance House, Drury Hill, Nottingham. Mr. M’Grath will deliver an address. The members of this locality will meet in future, at half- past seven o’clock on Sunday evenings. The Northern Star and other papers will be read.

SHEFFIELD. — In consequence of what took place at Mr. O’Connor’s lecture, Mr. West will lecture in the Room, Fig Tree-lane, on Sunday evening next, subject, “ The evil effects that a Repeal of the Corn Law, under the existing liabilities of the country, would inflict upon the tenant farmers and agricultural labourers.” To commence at half-past six o’clock. Discussion invited.

CLITHEROE. — Mr. W. Dixon will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Room, York-street, on Saturday evening, February 17th, at six o’clock precisely. Subject, “ Labour’s wrongs, and Labour’s remedy,” Discussion is earnestly invited. Mr. Dixon will also deliver two addresses on Sunday, the 18th. That in the afternoon, will be on " Education” and in the evening, " On the rights of man.”

BURY. — A lecture will be delivered in the Garden-street Lecture Room, on Sunday next, at six o’clock in the evening, by the Rev. W. Y. Jackson, of Manchester.

MR. DOYLE’S route for the next fortnight -Sun- day, the 11th inst., Lytherland; Monday, 12th, Chester ; Tuesday, 13th, and Wednesday, 14th, Liverpool; Thursday, 15th, Birkenhead; Friday, Ifith, Prescott; Sunday, 18th, St. Helen’s ; Monday, 19th, Warrington ; Tuesday, 20th, Leigh ; Wednesday, 21st, Newton; Thursday, 22nd, Lamber- head Green ; Friday, 23rd, Wigan.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — Mr. E. P. Mead will lecture in the National Charter Association Room, on Sunday next. Chair to be taken at six o’clock in the evening.

THE NORTH LANCASHIRE DELEGATE MEETING will be held at Mr. W. Beesley’s Accrington, on Sunday, February 11th, at eleven o’clock in the forenoon. Delegates from all localities in North Lancashire, are earnestly requested to attend.

HALIFAX. — Mr. Abraham Hanson will lecture in the Chartist Association room, Pellon-lane, on Sunday (to-morrow), at six o’clock in the evening.

THE DELEGATES of the Manchester District of South Lancashire will meet on next Sunday, Feb. 11th, in Mr. Murray’s room, adjoining the Carpenters’ Hall. The delegates are requested to bring with them the names of those who are willing to serve as district lecturers.

A CHESHIRE delegate meeting will be held in the Chartist Room, Stanley-street, Macclesfield, on Sunday, Feb. 18th, at ten o’clock, in the forenoon. All communications for the said delegate meeting to be addressed to Mr. John Warren, to the care of Mr. Oldham, Esq., Park Green, Macclesfield.

BRADFORD. — The Chartists of Thompson’s houses will meet on Sunday morning at ten o’clock, when Mr. Rose will report the proceedings of the delegate meeting held at Halifax.

THE CHARTISTS MEETING IN THE COUNCIL ROOM are requested to attend a meeting on Sunday morning at ten o’clock. Mr. Gee will report the proceedings of the late delegate meeting at Halifax.

THE CHARTISTS OF NEW LEEDS will meet on Sunday morning in their room. Mr. Clarke will state the proceedings of the delegate meeting hoiden at Halifax.

THE CHARTISTS OF MANNINGHAM will meet in the School Room, at six o’clock in the evening. Mr. Smyth will attend, to state the proceedings of the delegate meeting at Halifax.
