LEEDS. - Lectures will be delivered in the Chartist Room, Fish Shambles, to-morrow, at half-past two in the afternoon, and six in the evening; and on Monday night, at eight o'clock.

HALIFAX. - The Council meets in the room, Brunswick-street, on Monday evening, at seven, to receive the report of the West Riding delegate meeting.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE. - Mr. Leech will lecture at the following places during the next week:-On Sunday evening, the 14th, at Salford; on Tuesday evening, the 16th, at Ashton; on Wednesday evening, at Heywood ; Thursday evening, 17th, at Mottram; and on Saturday evening, 19th, at Stockport.

The South Lancashire delegate meeting will be held on Sunday, the 21st, at the National Charter Association, Brown-street, contiguous to St. Andrew's Church, Travis's-street, Manchester. The Associations in the county are particularly requested to send delegates.

DURHAM. - County Missionary Tour,- Mr. Deegan will lecture the ensuing week as follows: — South Shields, Tuesday, 16th; Sunderland,- : Wednesday, 17th; Swalwell, Thursday, 18th; Winlaton, Sunday, 2lst, half-past ten in the morning; Blaydon, same day, three in the afternoon.

SHEFFIELD. - A meeting of shareholders in the projected building for the public purposes of working men, for agreeing to rules, and paying deposits, is to be held on Monday, in the Association Room, Porter-street, at seven o'clock. -Mr, R. Olby will deliver a lecture in the Association Room, 1 Porter-street, on Sunday evening, concerning the death of John Clayton.

MANCHESTER. - Mr. Abel Heywood will give a second lecture on phantasmagoria, for the benefit of the Manchester Local Victim Fund ; when  he will show a great variety of figures, and pledges himself to amuse all parties. Mr. Buchanan, the Social Missionary, will give a new phantasmagoria, in the Tib-strert Room, on Tuesday, Feb. 23rd, for the benefit of the wives and families of the Manchester imprisoned Chartists. It is hoped that all who wish to lend their aid in behalf of these persecuted individuals, will attend on the above evenings, as the admission is but one penny, and plenty of amusement.

NEWCASTLE-UPON-TYNE. - Dr. P. M. McDouall, the people's friend, will deliver two lectures on the "Rights of Labour," in the Joiners' Hall, on Friday evening, the 12th, and Saturday, the 13th, at half-past seven o'clock each night. Dr. McDouall will likewise deliver a discourse in Byker Buildings School Room, Osseburn, on Sunday, the 14th, at ten o'clock in the morning; and in the Joiners' Hall, Newcastle, at two o'clock in the afternoon of the same day. All members of Trades Unions are respectfully requested to attend. The sum of twopence each will be taken at the door, to defray expences.

BIRMINGHAM. - Mr. Taylor will deliver a lecture at the Hall of Science, Lawrence-street, on Sunday next.

BRADFORD. - Chartist Sermon,- Mr. John Arran will preach a sermon, to the inhabitants of Daisy Hill, on Sunday evening next, at six o'clock, in the Old Cat Inn; and on the Wednesday evening he will deliver a lecture at the same place, at eight o'clock. On the 22nd instant he has engaged to deliver a lecture to the Chartists of Wapping- at the house of Mr. Carrodns, North Tavern, to commence at eight o'clock in the evening. A public meeting will also be held, on Shrove Tuesday, to adopt memorials to be presented to Lord Normanby, on behalf of Mr. Peddie and Feargus O'Connor, Esq. Notice will be given previously,by placard, of the hour and place.

OLDHAM. - On Sunday next (to-morrow), a lecture will be delivered in the afternoon, by Mr. James Greaves, of Austerlands; and in the evening, a sermon will be preached by Mr. Abel Swan, of Ashton-under-Lyne, in the Chartist Association Room, Greaves-street.

BATH. - On Sunday evening next, Mr. C. Bolwell will lecture in the Chartist Room, on "The Science of Government."

LOUGHBOROUGH. - A Council Meeting is to be holden to-morrow. The attention of Hathern, Mountsorrel, Sheepshead, Leake, &c. is directed to this meeting.
