LEEDS. — A lecture will be delivered in the Association Room, Cheapside, on Sunday evening, (tomorrow,) to commence at half-past six o'clock.

HOLBECK. — Messrs. Longstaff and Pybus will address the Chartists of Hoibeck in their Association Room, to-morrow evening, at half-past six o'clock.

HUNSLET. — Mr. John Smith will deliver a lecture in the Association Room, to-morrow (Sunday) evening ; to commence at half-past six o’clock.

WOODHOUSE. — Messrs. Chambers and Hobson will address the men of Woodhouse in the large room of the Black Bull, to-morrow evening, at half-past six o'clock.

WORTLEY. — Messrs. Roberts and Butler will address the men of Wortley in their Association Room, to-morrow evening, at half-past six o’clock.

BURY. — Mr. Wm. Dixon, of Wigan, will deliver a lecture on Saturday, (this day,) at seven o’clock in the evening, in the Garden-street lecture room. On Sunday, at Ratcliff Bridge, at six o’clock in the evening ; and at Bury, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock, in the Garden-street lecture room ; and on Tuesday evening, at the Infant School Room, New Road.

DUKINFIELD. — Mr. John Redmain will deliver a lecture on Sunday evening, in the National Charter Association Room, Hall Green, at six o’clock.

HOLLINWOOD. — Mr. Edward Ciarke, Manchester, will lecture here on Sunday evening, at six o'clock,

HATHERN. — On Monday evening, February 14th, at six o'clock, a delegate meeting will be held at Hathern, on important business. The following places are requested to send delegates, Sheepshead, Belton, Whatton, Dishworth, C. Donington, Sutton, Kegworth, Normanton, and Leake.

LOUGHBOROUGH. — On Sunday evening, February 13th, Mr. Pepper will preach a Chartist sermon in the Association room.

SOUTHWARK. — The members of the Association are requested to attend a general meeting on Wednesday evening next, Feb. 15th, on business of the most important nature.

SHEFFIELD. — National Charter Association Room, Fig-tree Lane. —The youths association will meet on Sunday afternoon at two o’clock. The Council will meet at the same hour. Mr. Julian Harney will lecture in the above room, on Sunday evening at halfpast six o'clock, Subject— " The life, character, and writings of Robt. Burns.” The Chartist Females will meet in the above room, on Monday evening, at six o'clock. Mr. Wm. Jones the talented and eloquent Chartist lecturer for the North and East Ridings, will deliver two lectures in the above room (Fig-tree Lane) on Monday and Tuesday evenings, Feb. 14th and 15th, to commence at eight o’clock each evening precisely. A Public Meeting will be held in the above room, on Wednesday evening, at eight o'clock, to elect delegates to the Convention.
	Notice. —The Morning Sun containing the whole of the previous night's debates in Parliament, is publicly read every evening in the Charter Association room, Fig-tree lane, on Monday and Tuesday evenings. from seven to eight o’clock; Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday (except next Wednesday) from eight o’clock to half-past nine. Free admission.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Bailey, of Manchester, will lecture in the Association room, Yorkshire-street, on Sunday, (to-morrow,) at half-past two in the afternoon.

HUDDERSFIELD. — A meeting will take place in the Association Room, Upperhead Row, on Monday night, for the purpose of forming a working man's library and newsroom; the chair to be taken at eight o'clock.
Mr. John Arran of Bradford will deliver two lectures in the Association room, Upperhead-row, on Sunday next, the 15th, in the afternoon, at half-past two o'clock, and in the evening at half-past six.

Mr. William Jones, the: East and North Riding lecturer, will visit the following places during the next fortnight, namely, on Monday and Tuesday, 14th and 16th, at Sheffield ; Wednesday and Thursday, the 16th and 17th, at Doncaster ; Saturday and Sunday, the l9th and 20th, at Leeds ; 21st and 22nd, at Selby; 23rd and 24th, at Howden; 25th, at Holme; 28th, at Hull. The reason of Mr. Jones visiting Sheffield is on account of an application to that effect by the Sheffield Council.

NORTH SHIELDS. — On Tuesday, the 15th, Messrs. Williams and Chappie will visit this place for the purpose of lecturing, Tho place of meeting will be either the “ Future Admiral,” or the " George Inn,” near the Railway Station.

BIRMINGHAM. — Mr. Mason's route for the following week - Birmingham, Aston-street, on Sunday ; Dudley, on Monday ; Birmingham, Steelhouse-lane, on Tuesday; Stourbridge and vicinity, Wednesday and Thursday ; Redditch, on Friday ; and Broms-grove, on Saturday.

Notice. — Andrew Weeks, of Leicester, will, in the next fortnight, visit all tho Chartist Associations direct from Leicester to Plymouth, and address them it convenient,

Mr. Dean Taylor’s Route for the ensuing Week. — On Sunday,at Ilkestone; Monday, Beeston; Tuesday, Radford : Wednesday, New Lenton ; and on Saturday evening, at King George on Horsback, Nottingham.

MACCLESFIELD. — Mr. West will lecture in the Association Room next Sunday, if not pre-engaged in some of the out-districts.

A Meeting of Delegates from every town and village in the county of Chester, will be held in the Association Rooms, Watercotes, Macclesfield, on Sunday, the 20th instant, when it is expected no place will be unrepresented, as business of vital importance to the county and the good eause must be transacted.

Notice to Lecturers. — When any lecturer intends to visit Bolton, he is reqiu sted to give at least five days’ notice, either in the Star or by letter addressed to William Baird, 7, Flash-street ; giving hie own address at the time.

BINGLEY. — A delegate meeting will be beld in the Foresters’ Court, York-street, Bingley, on Sunday next, the 13th, at ten o'clock in the Forenoon, to take into consideration the propriety of forming a district. The following places are requested to send delegates, namely, Bradford and surrounding villages, Thornton, Allerton, Idle, Shipley, Baildon, Wilsden, Cullingworth, Haworth, Keighley, Skipton, Silfiden, Morton, Ac.

SELBY. — A delegate meeting will be held in the Association-room, Mr. George Woodal’s, Temperance Hotel, Audus-street, Gowthorpe, on Sunday, the 20th instant, at halfpast ten o'clock in the morning.

BARNSLEY. — Frank Mirfield will deliver a lecture in the Association Room, on Monday.

BRADFORD. — A Council Meeting will be held on Sunday next, to form a new plan for lecturing.

LITTLE HORTON GREEN. — Messrs. Edwards aud Ainley will lecture on Tuesday evening next, at eight o'clock. 

LONDON.  - The Chartists meeting at the Carpenter's Arms are requested to meet there next Tuesday,Feb, 15th, on particular business. A lecture will be delivered by Mr. Mc Grath, on Sunday evening next, at the Angel and Crown, Twig Folly.

A Meeting will be held at the Shoemaker’s Club Rooms, the Clock House, Castle-street, Leicester-square, on Sunday, Feb. 13, for the purpose of forming a new locality. Mr. Wheeler will attend and explain the principles of the People's Charter.

ST. PANCRAS. - Ruffey Ridley will lecture at the Feathers, Warren-street, on Sunday evening.

Mr. Knowles’s route for the ensuing week:— Brimscombe, Monday; Dunsley, Tuesday; Kines-wood, Wednesday; Tetbury, Thursday; Fairford. Friday; Cirencester, Saturday.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr. Beal will lecture in the Political Institute, Corn Exchange, at seven o'clock.

MANNINGHAM. — Mr. Smith will lecture on Monday night at eight o’clock.

STANNINGLEY. — Mr. George Flinn will lecture on Sunday next, at half-past two in the afternoon, and at six o'clock in the evening.

Mr. Thomas Ibbotson, one of the Bradford Local Lecturers will lecture at the following places next week :— Heckmondwike on Monday, February 14th, and Tuesday night, at Batley ; Wednesday night, at Dewsbury; Thursday night, at Birstall; Friday night, at Horbury.

STOCKPORT. — Mr. West will lecture at Stockport on Sunday evening, and at New Mills on Monday evening.