LEEDS DISTRICT. — A delegate meeting of this district will be held on Sunday, the 27th, February, in the association room, Holbeck, near the bridge.

HOLBECK. — Messrs. Fraser and Hobson will address the men of Holbeck, in their association room, to-morrow night at half-past six o’clock.

HUNSLET. — Messrs. Chambers and Butler will address the men of Hunslet, in tho Association Room, to-morrow (Sunday) evening, at half-past six o’clock.

WOODHOUSE. — Mr. Storehouse will address the men of Woodhouse to-morrow night, at the Black Bull To commence at half-past six o’clock.

WORTLEY. — Messrs. Westlake aud Longstaff will address the men of Wortley on Sunday night, at halfpast six o’clock.

CHURWELL. — Messrs. Longstaff and Chambers will address the men of this place in the Town’s School, on Tuesday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock.

MORLEY. — Messrs, Fraser, Chambers, and Butler will address the man of this place, in the Town’s School, on Friday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock.

NORTH LANCASHIRE. — A delegate meeting will take place at Accrington, on Sunday, Feb. 27th. The different places forming the district are requested to send delegates, as there is business of importance to transact.

Mr. Lund’s Route for North Lancashire.— Blackburn, Monday, Feb. 21st; Preston, the 22nd ; Lancaster, the 23rd ; Ulverstone, the 24th ; Kendal, the 25th ; Kirkby Lonsdale, the 26th ; Settle, the 28th ; Barnoldswick, March 1st; Clithero, the 2nd; Sabden, the 3rd ; Colne, the 4th ; Padiham, the 6th; Blackburn, the 7th.;'Harwood, the 8th ; Bromley, 9th ; Bacup, l0th; Baxenden, the 11th ; Chorley, the 12th.

CHOWBENT. — Mr. Isaac Barrow, of Bolton will deliver two lectures in Harrison’s Chapel, Chowbent. The lectures to commence at half-past two in the afternoon, and six o’clock in the evening.

BURY. — Mr. Cooper,from Manchester, will lecture on Monday next, at the Garden-street Lecture Room, at eight o’clock in the evening.

MILNROW. — Mr. Joseph Linney, of Manchester, will deliver a lecture in the Association Room, on the 26th instant, at six o’clock in the evening.

LONDON. — Hall or the Institute, Old Bailey. —Mr. Fuseli will lecture next Sunday evening, and F. O’Connor, Esq., has promised to lecture in this Hall, on a Tuesday night, as soon as possible.

A Concert will be held at Mr. Adams, the Hit or Miss, 79, West Globe Fields, on Monday evening next, when a subscription will bo eutered into to aid the stonemasons now on strike against tyranny. The chair to be taken at seven o’clock.

GLOBE FIELDS. — A lecture will be delivered at the Hit or Miss, 79, West-street, Devonshire-street, next Sunday evening, at eight o’clock precisely.

MARYLEBONE. — Ruffey Ridley will lecture at the Working Man’s Hall, Circus-street, Marylebone, on Sunday nexr.

Three Crowns, Richmond-street. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Sunday next.

Shoemakers. — Mr. Siallwood will Lcturo at the Star Coffee-house, Golden-lane, on Sunday evening next.

ST PANCRAS. - Mr. Knight will lecture here on Sunday next.

CLOCK-HOUSE, CASTLE-STREET, LEICESTER SQUARE. - A lecture will be delivered here on Sunday next. 

BATH. — Mr. R. K. Philp lectures on Sunday evening next, at the usual time, in the Charter Association room.

ASHTON. - On Sunday next, Mr. P. M. Brophy, of Dublin, will lecture in the Charter Association Room, Wellington Road, Charlestown.

YORK. - On Monday evening, the 28th inst., the members and friends of the Charter Association intend to have a grand ball, to commemorate the meeting of the People’s Parliament. Dancing to commence at eight o’clock. Admittance, sixpence.

DERBYSHIRE. - A delegate meeting will be holden at the house of Mr. J. Vickers, Bridge-street, Belper, on Sunday, Feb. 27. Delegates are expected from each locality in the district, and the petition sheets to be brought in.

P. M. BROPHY, late secretary of the Irish Universal Suffrage Association, will lecture at the following places: - at Baccup, on the 22nd inst.; Todmorden, 24th; Hebden Bridge, 25th; Halifax, 27th; Keighley, 28th; Bingley, the 1st of March; and at Bradford on the 2ns.

STAFFORD. - Mr. John Campbell will lecture in the largo room, at the White Hart Inn, in this town, on Monday evening next.

BILSTON. — Mr. John Campbell will lecture at this place, on Sunday (to-morrow) evening.

CHINA, WALK, LAMBETH. — Mr. Rainsley lectures here, on Tuesday evening.

WANDSWORTH. — The Chartists of this locality are requested to meet at the Royal Oak Inn. on Monday next. Business of importance will be laid before them.

POTTERIES. — Mr. Dean Tayloy’s rout for the ensuing week Beesfcon, Sunday ; Calverton, Monday; Bleak Hall, Tuesday,; Hucknall, Wednesday ; Rancliffti Arms, Nottingham, Saturday.

SHEFFIELD. — Fig-tree Lane. —Mr- Joseph Linney, of Manchester, will address the Chartists of Sheffield, in the above room, on Sunday and Monday evenings.

Mr. Thomas Ibbotson, Bradford, will lecture at the following places in the ensuing week - Barnsley, on Monday, 21st ; Sheffield. Tuesday. 22nd ; Rotherham, Wednesday, 23rd ; Doncaster, Thursday, 24th, Selby, Friday, 25fch ; Hull, Saturday, 26th.

STOCKPORT YOUTHS. — On the 23d inst., Mr. Thomas Kindle will lecture on the present distressed state of the country, aud its remedies.

HALSHAWMOOR. - The Chartists of this place will hold their meetings every Monday evening, at seven o'clock, in the Temperance Friendly Association Room.		

MANCHESTER. — Mr. P. M. Brophy, from the Universal Suffrage Association, Dublin, will lecture in the Brown-street Chartist Room, on Sunday evening next. Mr. J. Clarke will lecture at Redfern-street; Mr. Griffin, at Strand-street; Mr. William Bell, at Miles Platting; Mr. Josh. Linney, at Salford ; Mr. John Crowder, at York-street.

OLDHAM. — Mr. Smethurst lectures at Waterhead Mill in the afternoon, and in the Oldham Room in the evening, on Sunday next.

STOCKPORT. — Mr. Christopher Doyle, late County lecturer, will give an account of his tour through Cheshire to-morrow (Sunday), at six o’clock. Admission free.

Mr. P. M. Brophy’s Route. — Ashton, on Sunday, to-morrow; Staleybridge, on Monday ; Eccles, on Tuesday ; Fails worth, on Wednesday ; Newton Heath, on Thursday ; and Mottram on Friday.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday next, a funeral sermon will be preached in the Chartist room, Greaves-street, by Mr. Henry Smethurst, on the death of Charles Yardley, jun. Service to commence at six o clock in the evening. Also, on Monday, the 21st, Mr. P. M. Brophy, late of Dublin, will lecture in the same place, at eight o’clock.

OUSEBURN. — On Sunday morning, at half-past ten, Mr. Williams, of Sunderland, will lecture to the Chartists of this place, on the position, claims, and duties, of Chartists.

DEWSBURY. — The Chartists of this place are requested to attend at their Association room over the Co-operative Stores, on Tuesday next, at half-past seven o’clock, on business of great importance.

LEICESTER, ALL SAINTS' OPEN. — Members are requested to meet at the above place, next Monday evening, at eight o’clock, punctually, as business of great importance will have to be attended to.

ROCHDALE. — The Rev. W. V. Jackson, of Manchester, will deliver a lecture in the Charter-room, Yorkshire-street, on Tuesday evening at eight o’clock.

Mr. Mason will visit tho following places in the course of the ensuing week: - Birminghan, Aston-street Association room, on Sunday evening ; Red-ditch and vicinity, on Tuesday and Wednesday evenings ; Bilston, on Thursday; and Wednesbury, on Friday evening.

LEEDS ENUMERATION COMMITTEE. — This Committee propose to submit to a meeting of delegates, to be convened on Tuesday evening next, the propriety of forwarding a petition to Parliament, founded upon their report.

BRADFORD. — Mr. Jennings will lecture at the Mason’s Arms, Club Houses, to night, at eight o’clock.

LITTLE HORTON. — The Chartists who meet at the Delph Hole, are requested to meet next Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, on particular business. Mr Brook will lecture at this place on Monday next, at eight o’clock.

NORTH TAVERN. Mr. Hodgson will deliver a lecture on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.

DAISY HILL. — On Sunday evening next, at six o’clock, Mr. Alderson will lecture.

NEW LEEDS. — Mr. Smith will lecture here on Sunday night next, at six o’clock.

IDLE. — Mr. Jennings will lecture on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock.

SWINDLES. — Messrs. Edwards and Ainley will lecture on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock, at the house of Mr. J. Wright.

STANNINGLEY. — Mr. Arran will lecture at two o’clock in the afternoon, and Mr. Brook will lecture on Sunday next, at six o’clock in the evening.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. John Leach, of Hyde, will lecture in the Association room, York-street, on Sunday, (to-morrow,) at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon.

BARNSLEY. — Mr. Peter Hoey will deliver a lecture on Monday night, in the Chartist rooms.

LIMEHOUSE. — Mr. Frasier will lecture at the Victoria, Threecole-street, on Wednesday next.

MARYLEBONE. — On Sunday evening, Mr. Ruffy Ridley will lecture at the Working Men’s Hall, Circus-street, New-road. The chair to be taken at half-past seven o’clock.

Mr. Dewhurst will lecture at Clithero, on Saturday, the 19th instant ; at Sabden, on Monday, 21st; Padiham, the 22nd; Baxendon, the 23rd; Preston, the 24th ; Chorley, the 26th.

Mr. Edwards will lecture at the following places: at Halifax, on Sunday, the 20th ; Mixenden the 21st; Sowerby, the 22nd ; Mytholmroyd, the 23rd ; Hebden-bridge, the 24th.

BOLTON. — Mr. Isaac Barrow lectures on Sunday evening in the Chartist room, Howell Croft.