LONDON. — Mr. Mantz will lecture on Sunday evening at the Star, Golden-lane.

LAMBETH. — A meeting will take place at China Walk, on Tuesday evening next, to,take into consideration the National Remonstrance, with a view to its adoption, and also to consider the utility of giving any farther support to the Metropolitan Delegates meeting, at 55, Old Bailey.

Silk Weavers. — A general meeting will be held on Monday evening, at seven o’clock, at the Norfolk Arms, Cheshire-street, Waterloo Town, to which all parties are invited.

55, OLD BAILEY. — A lecture will ho delivered by Mr. Frazer at the above place, on Tuesday evening next, at eight o’clock, when the early attendance of all friends is particularly requested.

Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Workingman’s Hall, 29 1/2 Mile End Road.

Mr. Sewell will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Horn of Plenty, Little Guilford-street, Bloomsbury.

A Concert, Ball, &c., will be held on Monday evening, at the New Central Hall, Turnagain lane, Skinner-street, to commemorate the opening of that institution. Thomas Duncombe, Esq., M.P., in the chair. Tickets to be had at any Chartist place of meeting.

CLERKENWELL. — The Clerkenwell Chartists will meet for the transaction of important businesss, at Sunday, (to-morrow), at half-past two, and at six the Patriot Coffee House, Clerkenwell-green, on Monday evening.	

CAMBERWELL. — Mr. J. Sewell will lecture at the Cock Inn, on Monday evening, at seven o'clock precisely.

BERMONDSEY. — Dr. Lee will address the men of Bermondsey, at the Working Man’s Chapel, Dock-head, on Monday evening ; and on Thursday evening, a public discussion on the Corn laws will take place in this excellent place of meeting. Chair to be taken on each occasion at eight o'clock.

SOUTHWARK. — A citizen of London will address the repealers of Southwark, on Sunday evening, at Roache’s Tavern, Red Lion, Maze, Tooley-street, Borough.

Mr. Sherrerd will lecture on Sunday, at the Chartist Hall, No. 25, Star-street, Commercial-road, east, at seven o’clock.

A public meeting will bo held on Monday evening at the Flora Tavern, Finsbury Park.

A public meeting will be held on Tuesday evening next, at the Working Man’s Hall, 294, Mile End Road, to take into consideration the conduct of the authorities in reference to the late special commissions.

ST. PANCRAS. — Lectures are delivered every Monday evening, on the Principles of the People’s Charter, at Mrs. Tillman’s, Devon and Exeter Coffee House, 59, Tottenham-court-road. Discussion invited. Also the meeting of members at eight o’clock every Wednesday evening. The Council meet at seven o’clock the same evening.

TOWER HAMLETS. — Mr. Mantz will lecture at the Chartist School Room, Grey Eagle Street, on Sunday evening, at seven o’clock. The members of the Committee who got up the play for the Defence Fund, are requested to meet in the above room, on Tuesday evening week, in order to a final settlement of accounts.

CARLISLE. — On Sunday evening, (to-morrow,) tho following question will be brought forward for discussion, at No 6, John-street, Caldewgate, —“ Have the egotism and denunciation of the late William Cobbctt, and other distinguished public men, had a beneficial or injurious tendency on society ?” A very animated discussion is anticipated. Non-members will be admitted gratis.

MANCHESTER. — The lecturers on the South Lancashire plan will meet in the Brown-street room, at nine o'clock on Tuesday morning, for the purpose of a friendly discussion upon the various topics now before the public.

CROPPER-STREET. — Mr. James Leach will lecture in this room, on Sunday next, at half-past six in the evening, when there will be a collection for the General Defence Fund. Mr. Cooper will lecture in the above room, on Monday, the 27th instant, at eight o’clock in the evening, on the “ Principle of Co-operation.”

The North Lancashire Delegate Meeting will be hold in Padiham, on Sunday, at twelve o’clock, in the Social Institution, St. Giles-street. All localities are requested to send delegates as there is business of great importance to transact.

OVENDEN. — Mr. James Bawden will preach in the Association room, Forest, on Sunday, (to-morrow) for the benefit of the Defence Fund,in the afternoon at half-past two o’clock and in the evening at six.

HUCKNALL TORKARD. — Mr. Alfred Anthony will lecture on Sunday evening, at six o'clock.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. Alfred Anthony will lecture at Mr. Rollett’s, (late Mrs. Smith,) Star Coffee Rooms, corner of Queen-street, Warser-gate, on Monday evening, at seven o’clock.

Mr. R. T. Morrison will preach in the Democratic Chapel, Rice-place, on Sunday evening.

ILKESTON. — A public meeting will be held on Monday evening. Messrs. J. Barker and R. T. Morrison are expected to attend.

HOLLINWOOD. — Mr. John Crowther, of Lower Moor, lectures here on Sunday evening next at six o’clock. 

MILNROW. — A public tea party will be held on Shrove Tuesday, in the Chartist room, Milnrow, Men’s tickets, 81, women’s, 6d, tea on the table at five o’clock ; Mr. James Taylor, Spotland-bridge, Mr. Thomas Livesey, and other gentlemen, are expected to attend the meeting.

LASSWADE. — A social meeting will be held in Bon-nyrigg school-room, on Tuesday, for the benefit of the National Victim and Defence Fund, when it is hoped all friends of freedom will attend ; tickets 3d each, to be had of Messrs. J. and W. Stuart, Aitken, Hay, and Price, Lasswade, and of John Jack, and William Danielh, Bonnyrigg.

KIRKHEATON. — Mr. David Ross, will lecture in the Chartist school room, Square, on Tuesday next, at six o’clock in the evening.

Mr. Wallace, of Halifax, will deliver a lecture on the land, on Monday in the Association Room, Ovenden, at eight o'clock in the evening.

Mr. Peter Rigby lectures for the National Defence Fund to-morrow, at Wigston, and the day following, at Loughborough.

Idle.—The Chartists of this place are requested to meet in their Room, Baker’s-yard, Stansfield Building, on Sunday next, on business of importance.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. James Mitchell, of Stockport, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Yorkshire-street, on Sunday next, tto-morrow), in the afternoon, at half-past two, and in the evening at six. A collection will be made in the evening for the National Defence Fund.

HALIFAX. — A Delegate meeting of this district will bo held at Luddenden on Sunday, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

ABINGER. — On Saturday (this evening) a publio meeting will be held in the Large Room, Swan Coppice, at eight o’clock, to get up at petition to inquire into the conduct of Lord Abinger while presiding at the late Spiral Commissions. [This is " a day after the fair. ”—Ed. N. S.]

On Sunday (to-morrow) evening, Mr. Butterly will deliver a lecture in the above room, at six o’clock.

HUDDERSFIELD. — Association Room, Upperhead-Row. —The change of meeting from Tuesday to Monday night, will take place on Monday next, the 20th instant.

On Sunday next, (to-morrow,) Mr. D. Ross will deliver two lectures in the Hall of Science, Bath Buildings, in the afternoon and evening.

LOWER WARLEY. — On Sunday next, Mr. Butterly will lecture here, at six o’clock in the evening.

WORCESTER. — A meeting of the Chartists of this place will be hold on Monday evening next, at their room, bottom of Bank-street, when every member is particularly requested to attend.

BURY. — Mr. John Lomas, of this town, will address his fellow-workmen, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock, in the Garden-street Room.

NEWCASTLE. — Mr. Kidd will lecture in the Chartist Hall, on Sunday evening, at half-past six o’clock precisely, a Debating Society meets in the same

place eveiy Sunday afternoon, at half-past one o clock.	' >

A meeting of delegates from the Colliers on the Tyne and Wear, will be held at the house of Mr. Thomas Hutchinson, Freemasons’Arms, Monkwear-mouth, Sunderland, ou Saturday, (this day) when all who are realty interested in the welfare of the oppressed miners arc expected to attend.

WORCESTER. — The Chartists of Worcester are requested to meet at their room, in Bank-street, on Monday evening next, on business of great importance.

WARRINGTON. — Mr. Thomas Grimshaw will lecture in the Christ Room, Bank-street, on Sunday night, at half-past six, on the " Life, Writings, and Death of Doctor Channing, of America,” after which a collection will be made for the General Defence Fund.

DEWSBURY. — A Council Meeting will be held on Sunday, in the Large Room of the Co-operative Stores, when delegates are requested to attend from all parts of the district to take into consideration the most appropriate manner to raise money to defend the victims.

Two Lectures will be delivered on Sunday next, in the Large Room over the Stores, by Mr. Cunningham. of Holmfirth, in the afternoon and evening. A collection will be made for the benefit of the Defence Fund.

MANCHESTER. — Carpenters Hall. —Mr. William Bcsslev will deliver two lectures in the above Hall, on Sunday, (to-morrow), at half-past two, and at half-past six.

The Chartist Tea Party and Ball, to be given to the gentitmen about to be tried at Lancaster, which has been announced for Monday next, is postponed until Tuesday, in consequent of Messrs. O’Connor and Roberts not being able to be in town before that day.

Chartist Mechanics. — Mr. Thomas Clark will lecture to the above body on Thursday evening next, in the Brown-street room, at eight o’clock.

Chartist Painters. — Mr. John M‘Farlane will address this body in their room, Spear-street, on Wednesday evening next, at eight o’clock.

OLDHAM. — Mr. Henry Hannidge will address the Chartists of this place, on Sunday next, at six o’clock.

SALFORD. — A young man, number 12 on the plan, will address the Chartists of this place, on Sunday evening next, at half-past six.

ASHTON-UNDER-LINE. — Mr. William Scholefield will lecture here on Sunday, (to-morrow), at six o’clock in the evening.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Mitchell, of Stockport, will deliver two lectures in the Association room, on Sunday (to-morrow), at half-past two, and at six o'clock in the evening.

FAILSWORTH. - A lecture will be delivered to the Chartists of this place, on Sunday evening next, at six o'clock, by Mr. D. Donavan.

HOLLINWOOD. - Mr. Crowder will lecture in the Association Room, Ralph Green, on Sunday evening next, at six o'clock.

BOLTON. - Mr. Edward Clark, of Manchester, will lecture in the Association Room, Howell's Croft, on Sunday (to-morrow), at half-past six o'clock in the evening.

STOCKPORT. — Supernumerary, No. 8 on tbe plan, will deliver two lectures—one to the youths at half-past two o’clock, and the other in the Association Room, Bomber’s Brow, at half-past six in the evening of Sunday (to-morrow.)

NEWTON HEATH. — Mr. William Booth will address the Chartists of this place on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.

HEYWOOD. — Two lectures will be delivered in the Association Room, Heywood, on Sunday (to-morrow), at half-past two in the afternoon, and at six in the evening. A collection wilt bo made at the ciose of each lecture for tho defence fund.

BRADFORD. — The members of the Co-operative Store will meet on Sunday, at six o’clock in the evening, in the Council Room. Those persons who are subscribing 1s. each, to form a Co-operative Store, with 1000 members, are requested to meet on Tuesday evening, at seven o’clock, in the Council Room, Butterworth Buildings ; 180 are enrolled, and we call the attention of all parties to this system of Cooperation. One shop, having a thousand customers, spending 2d. per week, would be £100. This amount would show to the operatives the benefit of Co-operation. We recommend a trial, more especially to the Chartists of Bradford.

Mr. Thomas Ibbotson will visit the following places during the ensuing week : — On Sunday, Feb. 19th, he will preach two sermons in Halifax, at two o’clock in the afternoon, and six in the evening - Monday, at Sowerby ; Tuesday, at Warley ; Wednesday, at Midgeley ; Thursday, at Mytholmroyd ; Friday, at Hebden-bridge ; and Sunday, Feb. 26th, at Todmorden.

The Chartists of New Leeds will meet on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, in their room, on business of importance.

Mr. David Ross of Manchester, will deliver two lectures, in the large room, Butterworth Buildings, on Wednesday and Thursday evenings, at eight o'clock.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday, (to-morrow), Mr. Horridge, of Duckenfield, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at six o’clock in tho evening; also, Mr. James Leach, of Manchester, will deliver a lecture in the above place, on Wednesday next, at eight o’clock in the evening. Admission, one penny. The proceeds to go to the Defence Fund.

BIRMINGHAM. — A Conference Meeting of the Chartists of Birmingham will be held at the Royal Oak Inn, Little Charles-street, on Monday evening next, at seven o’clock.

REDDITCH. — Mr. E. P. Mead will lecture here every Sunday and Monday evening, so long as he remains.
