LAMBETH YOUTHS, 1, CHINA WALK. — The members of this Locality are earnestly requested to attend on Sunday next, on business of the utmost importance.

CAMBERWELL. — Mr. Anderton will lecture at the Cock Inn, on Monday evening, when all members belonging to the above locality, are requested to attend.

Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Star, Golden-lane.

Mr. Wheeler lectures on Monday evening at Bailey's Coffee Rooms, New Compton-street, Broad-street, Seven Dials.

Mr. Davoc will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Clock House, Castle-street, Leicester-square.

BIRMINGHAM. — Mr. White's Defence Committee will assemble at the Chartist room, Aston-street, at five o’clock on Sunday next, when all persons holding books are requested to attend.

HALIFAX. — On Sunday (to-morrow) evening, Mr. Butteriey will lecture in the large room, Swan Coppice, at six o'clock.

A Meeting of the local lecturers of this district will be hold in the above room, at two o’clock, in the afternoon, when it is requested that all will attend.

SIDALL. — On Sunday (to-morrow) evening, Mr. Mirrow will preach in the Association Room, Cinder Hill, at six o'clock.

TODMORDEN. — Mr. Cooper, from Manchester, will lecture on Tuesday evening next, in the Odd Fellows’ Hall, at eight o’clock.

HULL. — It is intended to hold a tea-party and ball on Monday evening next, in Mr. Hill's Chapel, for the entertainment of Mr. Robert Peddie, on his liberation from the Beverley “Hell Hole.” Mr. Francis Rushworth, another of the Bradford victims, of 1840, is also invited.

MANCHESTER. — Spear-Street —A dancing class held in this room every Monday and Saturday evening On Sunday afternoon the room is opened at two o'clock, for a debating class. A. lecture will be delivered on Tuesday evening ; and the monthly meeting will be held on Sunday, (to-morrow.)

SALFORD. — There will be a members’ meeting in the Chartist Room, Great George-street, on Tuesday evening next, when business of importance will be brought before the members.

COVENTRY. — A dancing party will be held in  Charter Association Room, Well-Street, on Wednesday next, for the benefit of the Victim and Defence Fund. Dancing to commence at seven o'clock precisely.

Mr. Thomas Ibbotson will visit the following place during the next week Sunday at Preston ; Monday at Wigan ; Tuesday at Hindley ; Wednesday at Leigh ; Thursday at Chowbent; Friday at Eccles.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. William Dixon, of Manchester, will lecture in the Chartist room, Yorkshire-street, on Sunday next (to-morrow) at half-past two and six o'clock.

BRADFORD. — The Chartists of the Bradford District meeting in the Council Room, are requested to meet on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock.

Mr. E. Hurley will lecture in the Chartist room, at White Abbey, on Monday evening, at eight o'clock.

The Chartists of Middleton Fields will meet in their Room, at the Three Pigeons, on Saturday evening, at eight o'clock.

On Sunday next, the Chartists of Great Horton will meet in their Room, at ten o’clock in the morning.

A lecture will be delivered to the Chartists of Little Horton, on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock, in their Room, Park-lane.

HEBDEN BRIDGE. — Three lectures will bo delivered in the Democratic Chapel, Hebden Bridge Lane, on Sunday and Monday next, by Mr. J. R. Cooper, of Manchester ; on Sunday at two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six in the evening; and on Monday at eight o'clock at night.

SHEFFIELD. — On Sunday evening (to-morrow), Mr. Edwin Gill will lecture in the Fig-Tree-lane room, on the “ System of Nature,” at half-past seven o’clock.

On Monday evening, a public discussion will be held in the above room.

A Delegate Meeting of the Chartists of the West Riding of Yorkshire, will be held at eleven o’clock in the forenoon of Sunday, the 19th of March, in the large room of the Co-operative Stores, Dewsbury, for the purpose of taking into consideration, matters of the utmost importance to the Chartist body. —Edward Clayton, Secretary.

HOLBECK. — Mr. David Ross, of Manchester, will lecture in the Chartist room, on Sunday next ; afternoon at half-past two, and evening at half-past six o'clock.
