BRADFORD. — On Monday next, a lecture will be delivered to the Chartists, on “ the encroach¬ments made by Government on the liberties of the people, and on the policy of opposing the crotchets of all sham reformers.”

STOCKTON. — Dr. M’Douall is expected to lecture at Stockton-upon-Tees, in the Association Room, on Monday next.

DURHAM. — Mr. Deegan will lecture as follows, the ensuing week:—On Sunday morning, the 21st, at Blaydon, and in the evening at Gates¬head; Monday, 22nd, at Hartlepool; Tuesday, 23rd, at Middlesborough; Thursday, 25th, at Darlington; Saturday, 27th, at West Auckland; Sunday, 28th, at Evenwood, in the morning, and at Staindrop, at three in the afternoon of the same day.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday next, two lectures will be delivered in the National Charter Association Room, Greaves-street, Oldham; that in the after¬noon, by Mr. John Greaves, of Shaw; and the other in the evening, by Mr. Thomas Wilson, of Wood Houses, in the parish of Ashton-under-Lyne.

BIRMINGHAM DISTRICT. — Mr. Dean Taylor lectures this day and to-morrow at West Hampton; on Monday, the 22nd, at Staffordshire Potteries and district up to the 1st of March ; March 2nd, at Nuneaton; March 3rd, at Rugby; March 4th, at Coventry; March 5th, at Warwick; March 6th, at Worcester; March 8th (Sunday), at Bromsgrove; March 9th, at the Birmingham Soiree; March 10th, at Kidderminster; March 11th, at Stourbridge; March 12th, at Dudley; March 15th (Sunday), at Birmingham.

BATH. — To-morrow evening, Mr. Clarke lec¬tures in the Chartist Room, on the power of know¬ledge.

SALFORD. — Mr. James Bronterre O’Brien. —A ball will be held on Shrove Tuesday evening, in the Chartist Association Room, corner of Great George’s-street, Salford, for the benefit of that in¬comparable patriot. On Monday, a discussion will take place on the best method of obtaining the Charter, and the policy of keeping in or putting out the Whigs from their present snug places.

KEIGHLEY. — Mr. Benjamin Rushton is to preach a funeral sermon for poor Clayton, in the Working Man’s Hall, Keighley, on the 14th of March.

LOUGHBOROUGH DISTRICT. — Messrs. Skevington and Baker will visit Ashby-de-la-Zouch, on Sunday, March 7th, and Melbourne and Castle Donington, on the following day. The friends are requested to get rooms for them if possible.

BILSTON. — The Chartists here are determined to have a public meeting, lecture, and festival, on the afternoon and evening of Monday the 1st of March. Tickets to the festival, 1s. each, may be had at the following places:—Mr. Jones, Wolverhampton-street; Mr. Stiran, Green-croft; Mr. Salt, Crown-street; Mr. Mogg’s Coffee-House, Snow-hill, Wolverhamp¬ton.

