LONDON. — A Tea Party, Concert, and Ball will be holden in the South London Chartist Hall, on Monday next.

MARTLEBONE. — Mr. Skelton will deliver a lecture in the Mechanics’ Institution, Circus-street, on Sunday evening next.

WESTMINSTER. — Mr. Davoc will deliver a lecture at the Golden Lion Tavern, Dean-street Soho, on Sunday evening next.

SOMERSTOWN. — Mr. Garden will deliver a lecture at the Bricklayer’s Arms, Tonbridge-street, Cromer- street, on Sunday evening next.

LAMBETH AND SOUTHWARK. — Mr. M'Grath will deliver a lecture at the South London Chartist Hall, Blackfriar’s Road, on Sunday evening next.

THE CHARTISTS OF CLERKENWELL are requested to attend the British Coffee House, No. 8, Clerkenwell Green, on Monday next.

HAMMERSMITH. — A meeting will be holden at the Black Bull Inn, Hammersmith Road, on Tuesday evening next.

NEW ROAD. — Mr. Lessell will deliver a lecture to the Emmett Brigade, at the Bricklayer’s Arms, Homer-street, New Road, on Sunday evening next.

TOWER HAMLETS. — A lecture will be delivered in the Working men’s Hall, Mile End Road, on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock precisely.

MACCLESFIELD. — A members’ meeting will be held in the Chartist Room, Stanley-street, on Sunday (to-morrow), at half-past six o’clock in the evening, on business of great importance.

LYE WASTE. - A meeting will be holden at the house of Mr. Timothy Forrest, Lye Waste, at eight o’clock on Monday evening next, March 11th, when several friends will address the meeting.

SHEFFIELD. — On Sunday (to-morrow) evening, Mr. Briggs will deliver a lecture in the room, Fig- tree Lane, at half-past six o’clook. On Tuesday evening, a grand ball will take place in the above room, for the benefit of the Association, under the superintendence of the Council. An Harmonic Meeting is held every Saturday evening, at seven o’clook. All communications for the Sheffield Chartists must in future be addressed to Mr. Geo. Cairll, Secretary, 11, Doncaster-street.

BIRMINGHAM. — A Delegate Meeting will be held at the George Inn, Broomsgrove, at twelve o’clock, on Sunday next, to enter into arrangements for the ensuing Conference. Worcester, Kidderminster, Redditch, Broomsgrove, Birmingham, Dudley, Lye-waste, and Stourbridge, are requested to send delegates.

NOTTINGHAM. — The members of the Byron Ward Locality, will meet in future on Monday evenings at eight o’clock. The Quarterly accounts will be laid before the members at their next meeting.

MR. HARRISON will preach in the Democratic Chapel, Nottingham, on Sunday evening at six o’clock.

NOTTINGHAM. — The Chartists meeting at the Tollhouse Hill (Leopard Locality) are respectfully re¬quested to attend at seven o’clock, on Sunday evening next, to choose a council, and to consider what steps shall be taken for the forthcoming Conference. Mr. O’Connor's reply to Messrs. Hill and Watkins will also be read.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday, (to-morrow), Mr. Samuel Wild, of Rochdale, is expected to lecture in the Chartist room, Greave’s street, at six o’clock in the evening.

HALIFAX. — A special meeting of the councillors of this district, will be holden at Lower Warley, on Sunday next at two o’clook in the afternoon.

THE SOUTH LANCASHIRE DELEGATES, of the Manchester District, will meet on next Sunday, the 10th inst., in Mr. Murray’s room, adjoining the Carpenter’s Hall, Garratt Road.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. John Leach, of Hyde, will deliver two lectures in the Chartist Association room, on Sunday next.

LITTLETOWN. — Mr. Isaac Clissett will preach two sermons, on Sunday next.

SUNDERLAND. — Mr. Dickinson will deliver a lecture on Sunderland Moor, at half past ten o'clock on Sunday morning next, and at the Church street Association room, at six in the evening.

MR. DIXON’S ROUTE for the next week:—Accrington, March 11th ; Sabden, 12th; Padiham, 13th , Colne, 14th ; Barnoldswick, 15th ; Clitheroe, 16th and 17th.

THE NORTH LANCASHIRE DELEGATE MEETING will be held at Mr. W. Beesley's, Accrington, on Sunday, March 17th, at eleven o’clock in the forenoon.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — Mr. Christopher Doyle, from Manchester, will lecture in the Chartist Association Room, Bentiok-street, on Sunday evening next.

BRADFORD. — On Sunday next, the members of the McDouall Committee, will meet in the Large Room, Butterworth Buildings, at two o’clock in the afternoon. It is requested that each locality will send a delegate.

THE CHARTISTS of Little Horton will meet in the School Room, Park-place, on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, and at two in the afternoon.

THE CHARTISTS of Bowling will meet on Sunday at ten o’clock, and at two in the afternoon.

THE CHARTISTS of Manningham will meet in the School Room, on Sunday next, at two o’clock, in the afternoon.

OLD BASFORD. — Mr. Pepper will deliver an address in the Large Room of the Fox and Hounds, on Sunday the 17th instant, at six o'clock in the evening; after which an Association will be formed and busi¬ness of importance transacted.

HEBDEN BRIDGE. — The Rev. T. S. Barker will lecture in the Democratic Chapel, on Monday next, at eight o’clock.

HUDDERSFIELD.—A general meeting of the Chartists of this district will be holden in the Democratic Institution, Lockwood, on Sunday next, on matters of importance connected with the forthcoming Conference. The chair to be taken at two o’clock. A good attendance is requested.

HALIFAX. — The Chartists of Halifax will meet in their Room, Pellon-lane, for the purpose of reading Mr. O’Connor's reply to the fifteen charges brought against him by Watkins and Co.; and all persons who have read those charges either in the publications containing them, or through the medium of those pa pers in which copious extracts have appeared are solicited to come and hear Mr. O’Connor’s defence, that they may form an impartial judgment, after hearing both sides. The chair to be taken at two o’clock precisely. At six o’clock in the evening,
Mr. J. W. Clark, from Ledbury, will deliver a lecture “ On the present state, prospects, and ultimate success of Chartism, and the duty of the people at this important crisis.”
