LONDON. — A Concert and ball will take place on Monday evening; at the Social Institution, John-street, Tottenham Court-road ; the Proceeds to be devoted to defraying; the expences incurred by sending delegates to the Birmingham Conference.

Chartists attend. - Mr. Feargus O'Connor will address his London friends, on Tuesday evening next, at the New Hall, Turnagain-lane, Skinner-skeet, on the recent trials at Lancaster. Admission to the body of the Hall, two-pence ; and to the platform sixpence. The proceeds will be presented to the General Political Victim Fund.

A Meeting of the Shareholders will be held on Monday evening at the Political and Scientific institution, Turnagain-lane, Skinner-street, to elect directors.	.

A Concert and Ball will take place on Tuesday evening, at the Hall of Science, late Rotunda, Blackfriars-road, in aid of the funds, for defraying expences incurred at the Conference.

Mr. Mantz will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Scientific and Political Institution, Turnagain-lane, Skinner street.

Mr. Wheeler will lecture, on Monday evening, at Tillman’s Coffee House, 59 1/2, Tottenham-court-road.

Mr. John Watkins will lecture at the Mechanics’ Institution, Circus-street, Marylebone, on Sunday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock.

GOLD BEATER'S ARMS, OLD ST. PANCRAS ROAD. — Mr. Russell will lecture on Sunday evening.

The Female Chartists of the Tower Hamlets are requested to meet on Tuesday evening, at No. 12. White-street, Bethnal Green, on business of importance.

FLORA TAVERN, BARNSBURY PARK. — A meeting of this locality will be held on Monday evening, when every member is requested to attend.

WORKING MEN'S HALL, 29 1/2, MILE END ROAD. — The members of the different Chartist Localities in the Tower Hamlets, are requested to meet at the above place, on Tuesday evening, on business of the greatest importance.

The Members of the Shoreditch Locality are requested to attend at the Gloucester Coffee House, Church-street, Shoreditch, next Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock, to appoint class leaders, and to assist in taking a large building, to have a public meeting and lecture, from a gentleman of high repute in the Chartist cause.

A public ball and concert will take place at the Social and Scientific Institution, John-Street, Tottenham Court-road, on Monday, March 20, 1843, towards defraying the expences incurred through sending delegates to the late Birmingham Conference for the Borough of Marylebone.

ST. PANCRAS. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Monday next, at Mr. Tillman’s Coffee House, 59, Tottenham Court-road. Mr. M‘Grae will lecture on Monday 27th at the same place.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr. Harney will deliver an address, on Sunday evening, in the room, Figtree-lane, at eeven o’clock.

Mr. Parkes will deliver an address, on Monday evening, at half-past seven o'clock.

WEST-RIDING DELEGATE MEETING. — On Sunday (to-morrow) a general meeting of the Chartists residing in the West-Riding, will be held in the Large Room, over the Cooperative Stores, Dewsbury, at eleven o'clock in the forenoon, on matters of the greatest importance.

ASHTON-UNDER-LINE. - Mr. John Crowder, of Lower-moor, Oldham, will lecture here, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock. No person will be allowed to lecture here in future, except those upon the plan for this district, unless he give seven day’s notice, and receive the sanction of the council, and he must produce his credentials, before he be allowed to lecture.

BIRMINGHAM. — The committee elected at the Hall of Science, Lawrence-Street, for Mr. White’s defence, are requested to attend at the Chartist room, Ashton-street, on Sunday evening next, at four o’clock, when all parties holding books from that body, will be expected to produce them.

SIDDALL. — On Sunday evening Mr. A Hanson, of Elland, will lecture in the Association Room, Cinder Hills, at six o’clock.

HALIFAX. — It is particularly requested that any lecturer, intending to visit Halifax, shall give five day’s notice thereof, and also his address, otherwise his communication will not be attended to.

Mr. James Clayton, of Midgley, and Mr. Joseph Greenwood, of Warley, will lecture in the large room, Swan Coppice, on Sunday, at six o’clock in the evening.

SOWERBY. — Mr. B. Butterley, of Halifax, will lecture, on Sunday, (tomorrow,) at six o’clock in the evening.

LOWER WARLEY. — Mr. James Bawden, of Oven-den, will lecture at this place, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock.

On Sunday, March 26, Mr, Butterley will lecture at Luddenden; Mr, Bawden,at Upper Warley; Mr, Greenwood, at Ovenden; and Mr. Clayton, at Mixenden, all to commence at six o’clock in the evening.

MANCHESTER CHARTIST YOUTHS. — On Tuesday evening, the 21st inst., a public meeting will be held in the Youths’ Room, Gmlding-street, when the following persons - Mr. Morrison, Mr. Christopher Doyle, Mr. Thomas Railton, Mr. Richard Pilling, and other Chartist “ Conspirators" are invited to attend.

BROWN-STREET, MANCHESTER. — Mr. Lane will address the Chartist mechanics in the above room, on Thursday evening next, at eight o’clock. The public are invited to attend.

CARPENTERS' HALL. — The Rev. W. V. Jaokson will deliver two lectures in the above hall, on Sunday, (tomorrow,) at half-past two in the afternoon, and half-past six o’clock in the evening,

A dancing class is held every Monday and Saturday evening, at eight o’clock, and a debating class every Sunday forenoon.

BRADFORD. — The members of the Co-operative Store will meet on Saturday evening, at half-past seven o’clock. A full attendance is requested, as a fresh committee, salesman, and other officers will have to bo elected. The salesman will be requested to reside in the house, Chapel-lane, The shop is well supplied with provisions of the best quality.

A lecture will be delivered in the large room, Butterworth Buildings, on the Fallacy of the Question—“ That the Repeal of the Corn Laws, under present circumstances, would benefit the working manor shopkeeper.” Free admission. Discussion invited. To commence at six o’clock in the evening.

Mr, Hurley will lecture in the Chartist School Room, Park-lane, on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock. The members are respectfully requested to be punctual in their attendance, as business of importance will be laid before them.

Mr. R. G. Gammage, of Northampton, will lecture at the following places - Brighton, Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday next; LeweB, Thursday; Tonbridge Wells, Friday and Saturday ; Tonbridge, Monday, 27th instant.

OLDHAM. — Mr. Donovan will lecture in the association room, on Sunday, at six o’clock in the evening.

ASHTON. — A lecture will be delivered in the Chartist Association Room, on Sunday evening next, by Mr. John Crowder, at six o’clock.
