Shoemakers. - A ball and Concert will be held at the Social Hall, John-street, on Monday, the 16th of March, for the benefit of the funds for the ensuing Convention. 

BERMONDSEY. - A raffle will take place at the St. John's Coffee House, on Sunday evening next, at eight o'clock, for the benefit of a distressed member.



SHOREDITCH. - Mr. Ruffy Ridley will lecture at the Albion Coffee House, 3, Church-street, on Sunday the 13th instant, at eight o’clock in the evening. There will be a discussion from seven to eight o’clock lecturers are engaged for the next five Sunday evenings.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr.Cameron will lecture at No. 5 Circus-street, on Sunday, the 13th instant. Chair to be taken at half-past seven.

INSTITUTE, 55, Old Bailey. — Mrs. Joslyn will lecture to-morrow (Sunday) evening, at seven o'clock, subject — Government.

TAILORS. — Dr. M‘Douall will lecture at the Three Crowns, Richmond-street, on Sunday the 13th, at half-past eight o’clock. The members are particularly requested to attend, as business of importance will be brought forward.	

LECTURE — Dr. M‘Douall will lecture on Sunday evening, the 13th, at seven o’clock precisely, at the Archery Rooms, Bath Place, New Road. The landlord of the usual place of meeting for the St. Pancras body (The Feathers, Warren-street,) having had his licence suspended, on account of a Chartist meeting being held at his house, the members of this locality have taken the above-named splendid rooms.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr. T. B. Smith, of Leeds, will preach two sermons next Sunday afternoon, at half-past two o’clock ; and in the evening at seven o’clock. And he will lecture on Monday and Tuesday evening, at half past seven o’olock, in the Political Institute.


HUDDERSFIELD. — A public meeting will be held in the Guild Hall, on Tuesday evening next, the 15th. The chair to be taken at half- past seven, for the purpose of confirming the Election of Members for the forthcoming Convention. After which a lecture will be delivered by Mr. Jones, of Liverpool.

HOLLINWOOD. — Mr. Bell will lecture at the Association Room, on Sunday evening.

DUKINFIELD. — Mr. John Redman will deliver a lecture on Sunday evening, at six o’clock, in the Chartist Room, Hall Green.


BURY. — Mr. Christopher Doyle, from Manchester, will deliver a lecture, on Monday evening next, at eight o’olock, in the Garden-street, Lecture Room, late Working-men’s Hall.

Mr. West will lecture in Halifax on Saturday, (to-day,) and in Dewsbury on Sunday, (to-morrow.)

OPENSHAW. — Mr. Doyle will lecture here, on Sunday evening, the 13th, precisely at six o’clock.

BACUP. — The Rev. W.Y. Jackson will preach three sermons, in the Chartist Association Room, on Sunday. the 20th instant, on subjects affecting the most vital interests of society.

BOLTON. — On Sunday next, Mr. Joseph Linney, of Manchester, will deliver two lectures in the Chartist Rooms, Hallalcraft; in the afternoon at half-past two, and in the evening at half-past six. Collections will be made after each lecture, for the purpose of paying expences, and paying a quarter’s rent, which is now due.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. G. Harrison, of Calverton, will preach in Nottingham Forest, on Sunday afternoon, at two o’clock, if the weather prove favourable; and Mr. Osborne, of Black Hall, will preach at the Democratic Chapel, Nottingham, in the evening, at six o’clock.


Mr. Dean Taylor will visit the following places in the ensuing week, namely, Calverton, on Sunday, Beeston, on Monday ; Newark, on Tuesday ; Hucknall Torkard, on Wednesday ; and Old Basford,on Thursday.

NORTHAMPTONSHIRE. — Mr. Mason’s Route for the next fortnight:—Long Buckby, on Monday, the 14th, Pittsford, Tuesday, the 15th ; Kettering, Wednesday, the 16th; Weldon, Thursday, the 17th ; Oundle, Friday, Monday, and Tuesday, the 18th, 21st, and 23nd ; Eye, Saturday, the 19th : Wellingborough. Wednesday, the 23rd ; Northampton, Thursday, the 24th ; Daventry, Friday and Saturday, the 25th and 26th.


Mr. Edwards’s Route for the next week On Sunday, the 13th, at Dewsbury ; on Monday, the 14th, at Barnsley; on Tuesday, the 15th, at Sheffield; on Wednesday, the 16th, at Brampton, Derbyshire ; on Thursday, the 17th, at Mansfield, Nottinghamshire ; on Saturday, the 19th, at Sutton-in-Ashfield.

MACCLESFIELD. — A tea party will be held in the Association Rooms, Watercotes, on Easter Monday. The whole of the proceeds to go to the Convention fund. Tickets may be had on application to Mr. John Stubbs, news agent, Back Walgate, and from the Secretary, or any of the Council. After tea, dancing, singing, and recitation will enliven the evening’s entertainment.
On Sunday evening next, Mr. Brown will lecture in the Chartist Association Rooms, on subjects connected with the cause of Chartism.
The various Associations in the country are requested to use their utmost endeavours to have every thing in readiness by Sunday, the 3rd of April, when it is hoped a delegate from every Association will attend the meeting to be assembled that day in the Chartist Association Room, Watercotes.

HATHORNE. — A delegate meeting will be Held at Hathorne, at ten o’clock in the morning, at Mr. James Baker’s, to take into consideration the instruction to the members of the General Convention, and other important business, when delegates from Hathorne, Sheepshead, Belton, Whatton, Diseworth, Donington, Kegworth, Sutton, Normanton, and Leake are requested to attend.

BIRMINGHAM. — Delegate Meeting. —All towns in Warwick and Worcestershire are requested to send delegates to the next meeting, which will be held at the Chartist Room, Ashton-street, on Sunday, March the 20th, at two o’clock, as the final business connected with the Convention and National Petition will be then transacted. Letters wont do.

DEWSBURY. — Mr. John West, of Macclesfield, late West Riding lecturer, will deliver two lectures on Sunday next, at half-past two o’clook in the afternoon, and at half-past six in the evening, in the Largo Room over the Co-operative Stores.

Mr. Brophy, late of the Irish Universal Association, will lecture at Daisey Hill, on Monday, the 14th instant; Bradford Moor, on Tuesday ; Bradford, on Wednesday ; Cleckheaton, on Thursday ; Birstal, on Friday ; Dewsbury on Sunday ; Heckmondwick, on Mondav, the 21st; Batley, on Tuesday; Gawthorpe, on Wednesday ; Horbury, on Thursday; Earlsheaton, on Friday ; and at Leeds, on Sunday, the 27th. —All communications for Mr. Brophy to be addressed to the care of Mr. Alderson, tailor, Bank-street, Bradford.

LEEDS DISTRICT. — Mr. Jones will lecture at the following places during the next week: —Sunday, (to-morrow night) at Holbeck; Monday, the 14th, at Hunslet; Tuesday, the 15th, at Churwell; Wednesday, the 16th, at Woodhouse; Thursday, the 17th, at Wortley ; Friday, the 18th, at Morley ; and Saturday, the 19th at Bramley.

Mr. John West, of Macclesfield, the East and North Riding lecturer, will visit the following towns during the next week, namely, Leeds, on Monday ; Doncaster, on Tuesday , Howden, on Wedn sday; Holme,on Thursday ; Market Weighton, on Friday; Pocklington, on Saturday.

Delegate Meeting. — An East and North Riding Meeting will be held at the Temperance Hotel, Selby, on Sunday, the 20th instant, at half-past ten o’clock, in the forenoon ; those places that do not send delegates must send their opinions by letter.

Cleckheaton Mr. Jennings will lecture here on Monday, March tho 14th; on Tuesday, the 15th, at Birstal ; on Wednesday, the 16th, at Littletown ; and on the following days at the surrounding villages. Each evening at eight o’olock.

Mr. Thomas Ibbotson, local lecturer, Bradford, will lecture at the following places in the ensuing week :—Huddersfield, March 14th; Honley, the 15th ; Holmfirth, the 16th ; Almondbury, the 17th ; Lepton, the 18th; and Kirkheaton, the 19th.


DAISY HILL. — Mr. Joseph Hammond will preach at this place on Sunday next, at six o’olock in the evening.

Mr. Arran will preach at the house of Mr. Thos-Smith, Crossley Hall, on Sunday next, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

KIRKHEATON. — Mr. Clayton lectures here on Monday evening, in the School of Science, Shap-lane.

IDLE. — Mr. Candy lectures on Monday, at seven o’olock in the evening.

BINGLEY. — Mr. Candy lectures on Tuesday, at eight o’clook in the evening, in the Forrester’s Court.

BRADFORD. — Mr. Arran will lecture on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock, in the Association Room, Butterworth’s Buildings; subject, labour and capital.

ROTHERHAM. — Mr. T. B. Smith will address the Chartists of Rotherham, according to their request, on Wednesday evening, March 16th, at seven o’clock. Subject—"Man, his rights, and the best means of securing them.”

LEEDS. — Messrs. Longstaff, and Butler will lecture in the Association Room, Cheapside, tomorrow night, at half-past six o’clock.

Public Meeting. — A public meeting will be held on Monday next, in the Association Room, Cheapside, to elect three persons to sit in the ensuing convention. A good attendance is requested.

HUNSLET. — Messrs Shephard, Wilson, and another gentleman will attend here to-morrow night, at alf-past six o’olock. 

WORTLEY. — Messrs, Fraser and Hobson will lecture here to-morrow night, at half-past six o’clock.

ARMLEY. — Mr. Fraser will attend at the Nelson's Arms, on Monday night.


