
HOLLINWOOD. - A tea party will be held on Easter Monday, in the Chartist room, Ralph Green. Tea on the table at six o'clock.

DEWSBURY. - Mr. Brophy lectures to-morrow afternoon and evening over the Stores.

NORTH LANCASHIRE. - Mr. Lund's ioute :-Monday, March 21st, at Blackburn; Tuesday, the 22nd, Harwood ; Wednesday, the 23rd, at Clithero ; Thursday, the 24th, at Barnoldswick; Friday, the 25th, at Sabden ; Saturday, the 26th, at Preston ; Monday, the 28th, at Kendal ; Tuesday, the 29th, at Chorley ; Wednesday,the 30th, at Burnley; Thursday, the 31st, at Colne; Friday, April lst, at Bacup; and on Saturday, the 2nd, at Todmorden.

YEW GREEN. — A concert and ball will be held on Easter Tuesday,

STOCKPORT. — Mr. J. Cooper, from Manchester, will lecture here to-morrow evening (Sunday) at six o’clock.

HAZEL GROVE. — Mr. Thomas Clark, of Stockport, will lecture here on Sunday evening, at six o clock.

ECCLES. — Mr. Thomas Clark, of Stockport, will lecture here on Monday night, at eight o'clock.

STROUDWATER. — A county meeting n ill be held on Rodborough Hill, near Stroud,on Good Friday, to elect the delegates to the forthcoming Convention. Feargus O’Couuor, Esq., and Mr, Henry Vincent are invited to attend the meeting.

WILSDEN. — Mr. Arran preaches on Easter Sunday, afternoon and evening,

BIRMINGHAM DELEGATE MEETING. — A meeting of delegates for the counties of Warwick and Worcester will be held ou Tuesday next, at the Chartist Room, Aston-street, Birmingham, at two o’clock.

STAFFORDSHIRE DELEGATE MEETING. — A meeting of delegates from the various towns in Staffordshire will bo held at Mr. Mogg’s, Temperance Coffee House, Snow-hill, Wolverhampton, on Sunday, the 27th of March, when the business connected with the forthcoming Convention will be finally settled.

WORCESTER. — A ball will bo held in the Hall of Science, on Easter Tuesday, the proceeds to go towards supporting the Convention.

KEIGHLEY. - Chartist Sermons.—Tomorrow, Sunday, the 20th instant, two sermons will be delivered in the Working Man’s Hall, Sun-street, Keighley, by Mr. Candy, of Wolverhampton; to commence in the afternoon at two o’clock, and five in the evening. Collections will be made for the benefit of the forthcoming Chartist Convention.

BRADFORD. — On Sunday, March 20th, Mr. Henry Hodgson, Mr. AiuLy, and Mr. Borrows will lecture in the large room, Butterworth Buildings, at six o’clock in the evening.

IDLE. — Mr. Joseph Alderson and Mr. Rawnsky will lecture here on Monday next, at seven o’clock in the evening,

BINGLEY. — Mr. Candy will preach two sermons in the Foresters Court, on Easter Sunday afternoon and evening, for the benefit of the Executive.

PRESTON. — A public meeting is to be held in Chadwick’s Orchard on the 26th instant, to take into consideration the alarming distress of the country, and to elect deputies to the Petition Convention, intended to be holden in London on the 12th of April next.

Mr. John West, the East and North Riding Lecturer, will visit the following places during next week, namely—Monday, at York ; Tuesday, at Malton ; Wednesday, at Scarborough; Thursday, at Bridlington ; Saturday, at Beverley; and on Monday, the 28th, at Hull.

Delegate Meeting.—The East and North Riding Delegate Meeting will be held at the Temperance Hotel, Selby, on Sunday (to-morrow) morning, at ten o’clock.

NEWTOWNARDS, IRELAND. — A public meeting will be held in Newtownards, in the county Down, Ireland, on Easter Monday next. Hugh Carlile will deliver a lecture on class legislation, at twelve o’clock, noon.

LONDON. — On Sunday evening next, Dr. P. M. M’Douall will lecture at the Star Coffee House, Golden-lane, at seven o’clock in the evening.

General Convention. — The Teetotal locality of Chartists, meeting at Westbrook’s Coffee House, Waterloo-road, intend gutting up a tea party and concert, to take place on Monday, April 11th 1842, to assist in defraying the expenses of the forthcom-ing Convention. In order to ensure a good attend-ance the price of tickets will be as low as one shilling. The members of the Convention who may have arrived in town are respectfully invited.

GLOBE FIELDS. — Messrs. Johns and Illingworth will address the Chartists of the Hit-or-Miss, West-street, on Sin day evening next, at eight o’clock. Institute. —Mr. R. Cameron will lecture in the Hall or the Institute, 55, Old Bailey, on Sunday, the 20th instant.

NEW ROAD. — Ruffy Ridley will lecture at the Archery Rooms, Bath-place, New-road. Subject— " The Evils of Machinery under our present System of Class Legislation,” To commence at seven o'clock.

BRIDE LANE. — All persons desirous of enrolling themselves as Members of the London Chartist Lecturing Committee are requested to meet at the Dispatch Coffee Rooms, Bride-lane, on Friday, the 25th instant, at eight o’clock, to arrange a plan for mmre effectually supplying the rapidly increasing Metropolitan Localities with suitable lecturers. The attendance of alt favourable to thisobjeot is requested.

RICHMOND STREET. — Mr. Fussell will lecture to the Tailors meeting, at the Three Crowns, on Sunday evening next.

TOWER HAMLETS. — Dr. M’Douall will lecture to the Shot-makers, at the Crown and Anchor, Cheshire-street, Waterloo Town, on Monday evening, at seven o’clock.

SOUTHWARK, BRIDGE ROAD. — A general meeting of the Chartist hatters will be held at their room, Brown Bear, on Wednesday, the 23rd instant, at eight o’clock.

MARYLEBONE. — Dr. P, M’Douall will lecture at the Working Men’s Hall, 5, Circus-street, New-road, on Sunday evening, at half-past seven.

SHOEMAKERS. — A preliminary meeting of the Western Division of Ladies Shoemakers, will beheld at the King and Queen, Foley-street, Marylebone, on Sunday next, at seven o’clock in the evening, for the purpose of taking into consideration the propriety of forming a Charter Association of the above trade.

TAILORS. — Red Lion, King-street, Golden-square. —Mr. Farrer will lecture here on Sunday evening next.

CHINA WALK. — The shareholders meet to-morrow. A lecture on Tuesday evening.

Dr. McDouall will lecture to the boot and shoemakers at the Crown and Anchor, Cheshire-street, Waterloo Town, on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock precisely.

GOLDBEATERS' ARMS, OLD ST. PANCRAS ROAD. — Mr, Wheeler will lecture here on Sunday next, at eight o’clock.

Shoemakers. - Clock House, Castle-street, Leicester Square. — Ruffy Ridley will lecture here on Sunday noxt.

LIMEHOUSE. — Ruffy Ridley will lecture at the Volunteer, Commercial Road, on Wednesday evening next.

HONLEY. — A delegate meeting will be held in the Chartist Association Room, on Sunday, the 20th inst. at one o’clock in the afternoon. Delegates from the Huddersfield Poor Law Union are expected.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — Mr. Booth, from Newton Heath, will lecture to-morrow, at six o’clock in the evening.

HEYWOOD. — A ball is to come off on Good Friday, on behalf of the Manchester maimed and wounded.

NEW LEEDS, BRADFORD. — Mr. James Dewhurst will lecture on Sunday evening, at six o’clock.

BURY. — Mr. Charles Connor will lecture here on Monday next.

RADCLIFFE. — Mr. Roberts will address the inhabitants of this place, ou Sunday (to-morrow.)

CHORLTON-ON-MEDLOCK. — Mr. J. Leach, President of the Executive, will address the inhabitants of this locality, on Sunday evening next. Mr. Tillman will hold a meeting of Females, on Wednesday, the 23rd instant.

BASFORD. — A Chartist soiree will be held at the house of Mr. R. Charlton, on Easter Tuesday.

NOTTINGHAM. — A meeting will be held at the house of Messrs. Swann and Co., Union Coffee House, Drury Hill, on Monday evening next. All friends to the extension of the National Charter Association ar« earnestly requested to attend.

KEGWORTH. — Mr. Pepper preaches to-morrow at ten o’clock.

LOUGHBOROUGH. — The Chartists will assemble in their room, Unicorn Yard, on Sunday evening at half-past six. On Monday evening, at the same place, Mr. Skevington will deliver an address on the principles of the People’s Charter —discussion invited,

ELLAND-UPPER-EDGE. — Mr. William North, of Norwood Green, will deliver a lecture in tho large room, Black Bull Inn, on Saturday, the 26th inst. at half-past seven o'clock in the evening.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Bell will lecture in the Association Room, on Sunday next, at half-past two.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. Griffin will lecture at Brown-Street Chartist Room, on Sunday evening.

DUKINFIELD. — Mr. Doyle lectures to-morrow afternoon and evening, in the room, Hall-green.

The South Lancashire delegate meeting will be held in the Brown-street Room, on the last Sunday in March. Every town and village wishing to be upon the plan of lecturers, must send a delegate.

Mr. Dean Taylor will visit the following places the ensuing-week: —Nottingham, Sund ay and Monday; Arnold, Tuesday ; Radford, Wednesday; and Ruddington, Saturday evening.

Mr Candy’s Route for the next Fortnight. — Skipton, on Saturday, the 19th of March; at Keighley on Sunday, the 20th; Shaw (near Haworth), on Monday, the 21st; Ke^nley, Tuesday, the 22nd; Allerton, Wednesday, the 23rd; Clayton, Thursday, the 24th; Thornton, Saturday, the 26th; Bingley, Sunday, the 27th; Morton, Monday, the 28th; Cul-lingworth (public meeting), on Tuesday, the 29th; Baildon, Wednesday, the 30th : Shipley, Thursday, the 3lst; and Wilsden, on Monday, the 4th of April.	
