SOUTH LANCASHIRE. — Mr. Jas. Leech will lecture at the following places during the following week-On Sunday, 14th, at Rochdale and Milne Row; Monday, at Salford; Tuesday, at Droylesden; Wednesday, at Chorlton-upon-Medlock; Thursday, at Mottram; Friday, at Ashton; Sunday, 21st, at Failsworth.

FINSBURY. — Mr. Culverhouse lectures “On the best means of obtaining the Charter,” on Mon¬day evening next, at Lunt’s Coffee-rooms, Clerkenwell-green.

MILNROW. — Mr. J. Leech, of Manchester, will lecture to-morrow evening, at half-past six o'clock, in the Charter Association Room.

LEICESTER. — Mr. Cooper, editor of the Illuminator, will deliver a lecture, in the Room at All Saints' Open, next Monday night, on Our “ Glo¬rious” Constitution. It is intended to hold the Tea¬meeting in the New Hall, on the 22nd inst., as be¬fore arranged.

LEICESTERSHIRE. — Sermons for Clayton will be preached, on Sunday next, at Hathern, Mountsorrel, and Loughborough, by Messrs. Bairstow and Bent. Mr. Bairstow will be at Lough¬borough on next Monday evening, and at Kegworth on Tuesday evening. Mr. Vincent is to lecture at Loughborough on next Wednesday and Thursday evenings.

WARRINGTON. — A great number of the mem¬bers of the National Charter Association, having signed the teetotal pledge, it has been resolved that the subject for discussion, on Sunday evening next, (to-morrow,) shall be “the propriety of forming & Teetotal Chartist Society.”

MANCHESTER. — The South Lancashire Dele¬gate Meeting will be held to-morrow week, in the Brown-street room, East Manchester, at which, it is hoped, a delegate will be present from every town and village in Lancashire.

THE NEXT MONDAY EVENING’S lecture is post¬poned till the following week, and then to be in the Carpenter's Hall, Manchester, in consequence of the Tib-street room being too small. On Sunday even¬ing next, Dr. M’Douall is appointed to preach Clayton’s funeral sermon at Newton Heath. There will be a funeral sermon preached, for Clayton, in Brown- street, East Manchester.

MACCLESFIELD. — On Sunday next, Mr. West will deliver a lecture in the large room, at the Bun¬dle of Sticks, Water Courts.

TOWER HAMLETS. — On Sanday last, the ad¬journed discussion was entered into with great spirit, and again adjourned till to-morrow evening at seven o'clock. The committee for drawing up rules for the guidance of a trading company, meet on Thursday next.

SHAW, NEAR OLDHAM. — Mr. Bell, of Manchester, lectures here to-morrow.

MARYLEBONE. —A concert will be held, in the Mechanics' Institution, Marylebone, on Tuesday, March 23rd, for the benefit of Mr. George, a vene¬rable and staunch Radical, of forty years' standing, when all true friends to freedom are requested to attend.

NORTHAMPTON. —Mr. H. Vincent pays a visit to this town on Monday next, March 15th, when a public tea party, to welcome him, will be held in the Peacock Assembly-room. Mr. Vincent will deliver a course of three lectures in the above place, on the evenings of the 16th, 17th, and 18th.

OLDHAM. —On Sunday next, Mr. William Tilman, of Manchester, will deliver two lectures in the National Charter Association-room, Greaves- street, Oldham.

BATH. —A funeral sermon will be delivered to¬morrow, in memory of Clayton, the Chartist victim, in the Association-room, Bath.

TROWBRIDGE. — On Sunday evening next, to¬morrow, a sermon will be preached at the Democratic Chapel, Conigree, Trowbridge, by J. Rawlings, upon the death of our late friend, John Clay¬ton. Service to commence at six o’clock, when a collection will be made for the support of his widow and fatherless children.

BRADFORD. — PUBLIC MEETING, TEA PARTY AND BALL. —At the meeting of the Committee ap¬pointed for carrying out the above object, on Sun¬day last, it was unanimously agreed that the public meeting should commence at twelve o'clock at noon, on Monday the 15th inst., in front of the Odd Fel¬lows' Hall, Thornton Road, and that tea should be on the table at six o'clock in the evening of the same day, in the Social Institution, Hall Ings. The tickets for the tea party and ball .are Is. each, and may be had of the following individuals: Mr Wm. Gouldsborough, Goodmansend ; Mr. Ellis, ditto ; Mr. Carrodus, North Tavern, Wapping; Mr. C. Wilkinson, News Agent, Tyrrell-street; Mr Henry Hodgson, News Agent, Queen-street; Mr Burnett, Reform-street; and Mr. Hopper, Hope- street. An early application is necessary, as the tickets are limited to 400.

FUNERAL SERMONS. —We understand that Chartist sermon will be preached on Sunday next, in accord¬ance with the resolution passed at the West Riding Council meeting. At Manningham, in the after¬noon, to commence at two o'clock ; in the evening, at the Chapel, Long Croft Place, Bradford. Col¬lections will be made at the close of each sermon, for the purpose of assisting to defray the expences of removing the remains of the Chartist martyr, Clay¬ton, from Northallerton to Sheffield.

SALFORD. —A lecture will be delivered, on next Sunday night, at the Chartist Association-room. A discussion will take place on Monday evening, at eight o'clock, to know if man be a progressive being, Mr. Cassidy will undertake to prove the affirmative, and Mr. Campbell the negative.

HUDDERSFIELD. —On Sunday next, two ser¬mons will be preached at the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Upperhead Row, by Mr. Rushton, of Hali¬fax, and Mr. Joshua Newsome, of Lower Houses, on behalf of the wife and family of the victimised poor Clayton. It is to be hoped that the Chartists of this neighbourhood will be at their posts, and contribute to the disconsolate widow and orphans. The service is to commence at half-past two o'clock in the afternoon, and six in the evening.

STAPLEFORD. —Mr. Dorman, a talented preacher amongst the Primitive Methodists, will preach to-morrow, to prove that Chartism is in ac¬cordance with the Scriptures.

