LONDON. — The members of the South London locality are requested to meet on Sunday next, March 17th, at ten o’clock in the morning.

LAMBETH AND SOUTHWARK. — Mr. J. Mee will deliver a lecture in the South London Chartist Hall, on Sunday evening next, March 17th, at seven precisely.

THE SHAREHOLDERS of the South London Chartist Hall are requested to meet on Sunday next, March 17th, at three o’clock in the afternoon.

WALWORTH. — A public meeting will be held at the Rose and Crown, Corner of Beresford-street, Walworth-road, on Tuesday evening next, March 17th, at half-past seven precisely.

TOWER HAMLETS. — Mr. Davoc will deliver a lecture at the Working Man’s Hall, Mile End Road, on Sunday evening next, March 17th, at seven precisely.

WESTMINSTER. — Mr. Gardener will deliver an address in the Golden Lion Tavern, Dean-street, Soho, on Sunday evening next, March 17th, at half-past seven precisely.

HAMMERSMITH. — Mr. Ruffy Ridley will deliver an address to the United Patriots’ Benefit Society, at the Black Bull Inn, Hammersmith-road, on Monday evening next, March 18th, at half-past seven precisely.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. P. M’Grath will deliver a lecture at the Mechanics’ Institute, Circus-street, on Sunday evening next, March 17th, at half-past seven precisely.

SOMERS TOWN. — Mr. Skelton will lecture at the Bricklayers’ Arms, Tunbridge-street, Cromer-street, on Sunday evening next, March 17th, at half-past seven precisely.

NEW ROAD. — A meeting of the Emmett Brigade, will be holden on Sunday evening the 17th inst., at the Bricklayer’s Arms, Homer-street.

HAMMERSMITH. — A meeting will be holden at the Black Bull Inn, Hammersmith road, on Tuesday evening next, at half-past seven precisely.

BOLTON. — A Bolton friend will deliver a lecture on Sunday next, at six o’clock in the evening, in the Chartist Association Room.

THE CHARTISTS of Leigh, West Houghton, and the surrounding districts, are respectfully informed that a District Delegate meeting will be held on Sunday next, the 17th day of March, in Well-street Sunday School, Tyldsley Banks, at ten o’clock in the forenoon.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE . —Mr. Daniel Donovan, from Manchester, will lecture in the Chartist Association Room, Bentick-street, on Sunday evening next, at six o'clock.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Bell, of Heywood, will lecture in the Chartist Association Room, on Sunday next, the 17th March, at two o’clock in the afternoon. Mr. Haigh will lecture in the evening.

SELSTON. — It is requested that the members of the Selston Charter Association will meet on Sunday, March 24th, to pay up their arrears, and take out their cards of membership. All communications must be addressed to Nathaniel Waplington, Summercoates, near Alfreton, Derbyshire.

HOLLINWOOD. — Mr. Wm. Miller of Oldham, will deliver a lecture on Phrenology, in the Chartist Room, Pew Nook, on Sunday, (to-morrow), at six o'clock.

MR. DORMAN’S ROUTE for next week:—Sunday, 17, at Hanley, at half-past six o’clock; Monday, 18, at Longton; Tuesday, 19, at Hanley; Wednes¬day, 20, at Tunstall; and on Thursday, 21, at Hanley.

SOUTH SHIELDS. — The members of the Chartist association of this town, will meet on Sunday evening, the 24th inst, at Six o’clock, in their room, Tyne Dock Tavern, Long Row.

BROMSGROVE. — Mr. Henry Crouch of Kidderminster, will address a meeting in the large room of the George Inn, Bromsgrove, on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock.

LIVERPOOL. — A meeting of the members of the National Chartist Association, will take place on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock, at Mr. Goodfellow’s, 27, Tarlton-street.

SALFORD. — The Chartists of Salford, having taken a large and commodious room, capable of holding about 800 people, in Great George’s-street, near to their old room, entrance near to St. Phillip’s Church, Mr. James Leach will deliver a course of three lectures, the first on Sunday next, at half-past six o’clock in the evening.

BURY. — Mr. Christopher Doyle, of Manchester, will deliver two lectures in the Garden-street Lecture Room, on Sunday next.

HUDDERSFIELD. — Mr. John West will deliver two lectures in the Hall of Science, on Sunday (to-morrow); in the afternoon, at half-past two o’clock, and in the evening, at half-past six.

MR. WEST will lecture in Almondbury, on Monday evening next, March 18th; on Tuesday, the 19th, at Brighouse; on Wednesday, the 20th, at Berry Brow; on Thursday, the 21st, at Lockwood; and on Friday, the 22nd, at Holmfirth.

BRADFORD. - On Sunday next the M'Doual Committee, will meet in Manningham, at two o'clock, in the Chartist newsroom.

THE CHARTISTS of Little Horton, will meet in the school room, Park Place, at ten o'clock on Sunday morning.

THE CHARTISTS of Bowling will meet in their room, on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock, and at two in the afternoon.

THE CHARTISTS of New Leeds, will meet in their room on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock.

THE CHARTISTS of the Central Society, will meet in the Council room, on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock.

OLDHAM. - On Sunday, to-morrow, a discussion will take place in the Chartist room, Greaves street. Subject - What will be the best means for the people to pursue to wrest political power from the present aristocracy, and place the labouring classes on an equality with them? To commence at six o'clock in the evening. Mr. Leach, of Manchester, will lecture in the same room, on Monday evening, at eight o'clock, when a charge of one penny will be made towards defraying the expence of sending two delegates to the Convention.

OLD BASFORD. - Mr. Pepper will address the people of Basford on Sunday (to-morrow), in the large room of the Fox and Hounds, at six o'clock; after which an association will be formed, and business of importance transacted.

BIRMINGHAM. - A grand concert and ball will be held at the Mechanics' Institute, Newhall-street, on Monday evening, April 1st, at seven o'clock, in aid of the Convention Fund; tickets 6d. each. A public meeting will be held in the previous part of the same day, to elect delegates to the forthcoming Convention in conjunction with Worcestershire. Mr. G. White will address a meeting at the Chartist Hall, Peck-lane, on his return from the delegate meeting on Sunday next.

BROMSGROVE. - Mr. Henry Crouch of Kidderminster, will address the Chartists of Bromsgrove, in the large room of the George Inn, at seven o'clock next Sunday evening.

WORCESTERSHIRE. - A delegate meeting will be held at the George Inn, Bromsgrove, on Sunday next, at twelve o'clock. The various towns in Worcestershire are requested to send delegates to make arrangements for the forthcoming Convention.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE. - A general meeting of delegates from the various Chartist localities of South Lancashire, will take place in Wigan, on Sunday, March 31st, at ten o'clock in the forenoon. It will be holden in the Chartist Association room, bottom of Millgate. It is expected that Manchester, Bolton, Tyldsby Banks, Chowbent, Leigh, West Houghton, and other places in the district will be represented. Patrick Bradley, sub-Secretary.

WALSALL. - A delegate meeting will take place at Walsall, on Sunday next, at two o'clock in the afternoon, at Mr. Griffith's, Lamp Tavern, Stafford-street.

HALIFAX. - Mr. A. Hanson will lecture here on Sunday (to-morrow), at six o'clock in the evening.

NOTTINGHAM. - Mr. Harrison will preach in the democratic chapel, on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, at six o'clock. On Sunday evening, March 24th, Mr. Dorman will preach in the abov place, and give an account of his labours in Staffordshire.

THE MEMBERS of the Byron Ward Locality are requested to attend on Monday evening, at eight o'clock on business of importance.