LEEDS. — A public meeting of the inhabitants of Leeds will be held on Monday evening, at eight o’clock, for carrying out the plan recommended by O’Connor, and to get up petitions for the free pardon of all the incarcerated Chartists; likewise to nominate a fit per¬son to act as one of the Executive. All true friends to the Charter are requested to attend.

THE LEEDS Charter Debating Society is producing effects; it will be, in a great measure, calculated to rear and cultivate that talent which, for want of oppor¬tunity, has lain so long dead. Such societies should be encouraged. The subject for tomorrow' night’s discus¬sion is “ Have women a right to the franchise?” The discussion commences at half-past six o'clock.

LONDON. — Two sermons, one next Sunday, by Mr. James Savage, for Mrs. Clayton; and one, the Sunday following, by Mr. Boggis, being a charity sermon for the political victims, will be preached in the Westbourn Road, near the entrance to the Great Western Railway.

BERMONDSEY. — The members of the National Char¬ter Association, in this locality, will meet on Wednesday evening, when fresh regulations will be submitted to their consideration.

TOWER HAMLETS. — Mr. Wall will lecture on Sun¬day next, the 28th of March, at seven o’clock at night, on the principles contained in the People’s Charter.

KIDDERMINSTER. — A tea-party and ball will be held at the Free-Mason’s Arms Inn, on Easter Tuesday, for the relief of the wives and families of the incarcerated Chartists.

BIRMINGHAM  DELEGATE  MEETING. — Circulars have been addressed to the various towns in this dis¬trict, giving notice of a meeting of delegates, to be held at the Chartist Meeting Room, Freemason-street, on Sunday next, for the purpose of making arrange¬ments for the attendance of Mr. Wm, Martin and Mr. Wm. Taylor, the lecturers for the district; a good attendance is expected; after which there is little doubt of this district “ going a-head.”

PROPOSED MEETING AT HOLLOWAY HEAD. — The town has been placarded with green bills, calling A meeting at Holloway Head, for Monday next at half¬past twelve o’clock, for the purpose of petitioning Par¬liament for the release of all Chartist prisoners; it also states that Mr. Wm. Martin, late of Northallarton House of Correction, Mr. Taylor, Chartist lecturer, and Mr. George White, would address the meeting.

MACCLESFIELD. — Mr. West will deliver another lecture in the large room of the Old Bundle of Sticks, Watercotes on “ The evils of hereditary power,” to- morrow.

SUNDERLAND. — On-Sunday afternoon, Mr. Williams will lecture at the Life Boat House; add on Sunday evening, Mr. Deegan, at the Co-operative Hall.

ON MONDAY EVENING, a meeting will be held in the Co-operative Hall, Sunderland, to form a Teetotal Charter Association.

DURHAM. — On Monday evening, Mr. Deegan, or Mr. Williams, will address the Chartists of this city at Mr. Bradford’s.

BRADFORD. — THE RURAL POLICE.—The rate¬payers of Horton are about to hold a public meeting for the purpose of memorialising the West-Riding Magistrates, while assembled at Wakefield, to consider of the mode of introducing the Rural Police, that they may deem it meet not to introduce that force into the Riding in any shape whatever. The meeting, which is called conjointly by Whigs, Tories, and Radicals, is, we hear, to take place on Tuesday next, in the Bell Chapel School Room, at four o’clock in the afternoon. 

LIVERPOOL. — Mr. M’Cartney purposes lecturing on next Wednesday, in the Chartists’ Hall, Preston street.

LEICESTER. — On Monday noon, at one o’clock, there will be a public meeting to consider the propriety of nominating a delegate to the “ Prisoners’ Petition, &e. Convention.”

MANCHESTER AND NEIGHBOURING DISTRICT. — Mr Leech will lecture at the following places during the next week: - On Sunday, the 28th, at Radcliffe Bridge; Monday, 29th, at Middleton; Wednesday, 31st, at Oldham; Thursday, the 1st of April, at Brown Street, East Manchester ; Friday; 2nd, at Failsworth,
Sunday, 4th, at Rochdale, in the afternoon, and at Milnrow at six o’clock in the evening. —Mr. Butterworth will lecture, at Rochdale, on Monday evening ; Burnley, Tuesday evening; Colne, Wednesday even¬ing; Blackburn, Thursday evening; Preston, Friday evening; and Wigan on Saturday evening. —Dr. M‘Douall will lecture in Mr, Price’s mill, Newton Heath, on Sunday, the 4th of April, at four o’clock in the afternoon. Subject, “ The Old and New Poor Laws.”

WEST-RIDING. — Mr. Arran, the West-Riding mis¬sionary, will deliver lectures at the following places-: — On Sunday, the 28th of March, he will preach a Char¬tist sermon at Gawthorpe ; on Tuesday, the 30th, he will attend a public meeting, which will be held for the purpose of adopting the National Petition, in the large room over the Co-operative Stores, Dewsbury, at seven o'clock in the evening; on Wednesday, the 31st, he will lecture at Wakefield; on Thursday, April 1st, at Barnsley; on Friday, the 2nd, at Sheffield; and on Saturday, the 3rd, at Chesterfield and Brampton.

BARNSLEY. — The Rev. Wm, Hill will preach a ser¬mon for Clayton, in the Odd Fellows' Hall, to-morrow evening.

NEWCASTLE. — A public meeting of the inhabitants of Newcastle and Gateshead will be holden in the Joiners’ Hall, on Tuesday evening, the 30th of March, to adopt the National Petition, and to elect a delegate to the Convention. God save the people.
