SALFORD. — Mr. Thomas Clark, of Stockport, will lecture here on Sunday evening next.

SHAW, NEAR OLDHAM. — Mr. Thomas Clark, of Stockport, will lecture here on Wednesday evening next, at eight o’clock.

STOCKPORT. - Mr. James Leach, President of the Executive, will lecture here on Sunday evening next, at six o’clook.

HAZELGROVE. — Mr. Christopher Doyle, of Manchester, will lecture here on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.

SOWERBY. — There will be a ball holden in the Chartist Room, on Easter Tuesday, the proceeds to go towards establishing a school for the education of the adult and rising generation.

Mr. P. M. Brophy’s Route for the ensuing Week. —Dewsbury, to-morrow (Sunday); Heckmondwike, on Monday; Bailey, on Tuesday ; Gaw-thorpe, on Wednesday; Horbury, on Thursday ; Earishoaton, on Friday; and at Leeds on Easter Sunday. Mr. Brophy has made arrangements to be in Sheffield on Sunday, April 3rd.

LONDON. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture at the Three Crowns Inn, Richmond-street, on Sunday evening next.

Mr. Fussell will lecture at the Goldbeaters’ Arms, Old St. Pancras Road, on Sunday evening. Subject, "The evils of East India monopoly.’

Mr. M'Grath will lecture at the Archery Rooms, Bath Place, St. Pancras, on Sunday next.

TOWER HAMLETS. — A District Delegate Meeting will be held on Sunday (to-morrow), at the Hit or Miss Inn, 79, West-street, Devonshire-street, Dog Row, at six o’clock in the evening, when the delegates from the various localities are requested to attend ou business of the utmost importance.

Mr. Wheeler will lecture at the Acorn, College-street, Chelsea, on Monday evening.

MARYLEBONE. — John H. Parry, Esq. will lecture at the Working Men’s Hall, 5, Circus-street, New Road, on Sunday evening. The chair to be taken at half-past seven o’clock.

STAR COFFEE HOUSE, GOLDEN LANE. — On Sunday evening next, Dr. P. M. McDouall will lecture in the above room, at seven o’clock.

Mr. Martin will lecture at the Greyhound, Peckham, on Wednesday, the 30th inst., at eight o’clock n the evening.

HALIFAX. — The Chartists of this place will have a public tea on Easter Tuesday, in the Charter Institution. Tea on the table at four o’clock. After tea recitations, singing, and other entertainments will ocoupy the remainder of the evening. Admission to tea, &c, 9d; after tea, 3d.

HYDE. - Mr John Leach will deliver an lecture in the Working Men's Institution, on Sunday next, at six o'clock in the evening. Subject - " An exposition of the corruption of the House of Commons as at present constituted.”

Mr. Candy’s Route. — Mr. Candy will lecture at Thornton, on Saturday, the 26th of March ; Morton, Monday, the 28th ; Cullingworth, (public meeting,); Tuesday, the 23th ; Baildon, Wednesday, the 30th; Shipley, Thursday, the 31st; and at Wilsden, on Monday, April 4th.

BINGLEY. — The next Delegate Meeting will be held in the Foresters’ Court, on Sunday, the 3rd of April, at ten o’clock in the forenoon. It is requested that Guiseley, Baildon, Shipley, and Clayton will send delegates.

Mr. J. B. Bairstow will lecture at the following places in Easter week: - Sunday, March 27th, at Hucknall-under-Huthwaite, at two o'clock, at Skegby, at give o'clock, on Monday the 2th, in Mansfield market place, at three o'clock in the afternoon; on Tuesday, the 29th at Mansfield, Woodhouse, at six o'clock in the evening, on Wednesday tho 30th, at Sutton-in-Ashfield, at two o’clock in the afternoon; on Thursday, the 31st, at Bleak Hall ; and on Friday, April 1st, in Mansfield Market Place, at seven o’clock in the evening.

MACCLESFIELD. — A meeting of delegates for the County of Chester will be held in the Association Room, Waterloo, on Sunday, the 3rd of April, when each delegate must be prepared with sufficient power to carry into effect the whole business of the Convention, in respect to the funds and petition. Those places who cannot send a delegate must send a letter, with their amount of funds enclosed.

A Tea Party will take place at the Chartist Association Room on Easter Monday, the proceeds to go to the Convention.

Mr. Brown will lecture on Sunday next, assisted by some friends, when a collection will be made for the Manchester victims.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. John Wotts will deliver a lecture at the Hall of Science, Camp-field, for the benefit of the sufferers by the late desperate affair, on Tuesday evening April the 5th, at eight o’clock. Admission one penny each.

BIRMINGHAM. — Public Dinner to Feargus O’Connor, Esq. — It is the intention of the members of the National Charter Association of this town, to honour this tried friend of the people with a public dinner in the course of a week.

A North Lancashire Delegate Meeting will be held at Accrington, on Sunday, April 3rd, to commence precisely at one o’clock. The sub-treasurers are requested to send the amount of money levied for the Convention, by their respective delegates. Those places that cannot send delegates, are requested to send letters, stating who they are desirous of engaging as district Lecturer for the next six weeks, Mr. Lund’s term having expired.

ROYSTON. — Mr. T. Clark, of Stockport, will lecture on next Thursday evening.

HALIFAX. — A public meeting will be held in the Charter Association Room, Swan Coppice, on Monday, March 28th, at two o’clock in the afternoon, for confirming the election of delegates to the Petition Convention.

STANNINGLEY. — A public meeting will be held on Monday. The friends wish as much help from Leeds, and from the surrounding villages as possible. Soiree at night, at the Sportsman Inn, Pudsey. Proceedings to commence at six o’clock in tho evening.

BOLTON. — On Sunday (to-morrow) evening, Mr. Isaac Barrow preaches at the room in Howel’s Croft.

LAMBETH. — A lecture will be delivered on Tuesday next, by Mrs. Jocelyn, at 1, China Walk.

DUKINFIELD. — Mr. Haslam lectures to-morrow evening, at six o’clock, in the room, Hall Green.

Mr. John West, the East and North Riding lecturer, will visit the following placos during the next week, viz. Monday, at Hull ; Wednesday, at Doncaster ; Thursday, at Selby; Friday, at Pocklington ; Saturday, at Stamford Bridge ; Sunday, at York; and on Monday, the 4th of April, at Malton.

Mr. Jones, the late lecturer for the North and East Riding, is particularly requested to be in Halifax at twelve o’clock on Monday, the 23th of March. Business of importance requires his attendance.

LEEDS DISTRICT. — A Delegate Meeting of this district will be held in the Association Room, Upper Worthy, to-morrow morning, at ten o’clock. The room is near the New Inn.

HOLBECK. — Messrs. Frazer and Wilson will lecture in the Association Room to-morrow night, at half-past six o’clock.

HUNSLET. — Messrs. Longstaff and Butler will lecture here to-morrow, at half-past six o’clock in the evening.

WORTLEY. — Messrs. John Smith and Stonehouse will lecture here to-morrow night, at half-past six o’o lock.

WOODHOUSE. — Messrs. Frazer and Butler will lecture at the Black Bull on Tuesday night, at half-past seven o’clock.

LEEDS. — Mr. Brophy, from Dublin, will lecture to-morrow in the afternoon, at half-past two o’clock, and in the evening, at half-past six ; and on Monday evening, at eight, in the Association Room, Cheapside.

SHEFFIELD. - On Sunday evening, in Fig-tree Lane, Mr. Harney will deliver an account of the proceedings at Manchester upon the occasion of laying the first stone of Hunt’s Monument, on Good Friday. Mr. J. G. Holyoake will deliver a lecture in the Fig-tree Lane Room, on Monday evening next. One penny admission, the proceeds to be devoted to the Convention Fund.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Smethurst, of Oldham, will lecture in the Charter Association Room, Yorkshire-street, on Sunday next, at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon.

RIPPONDEN. — A concert and ball will be held in the Chartist Room, on Monday evening, at six o'clock. Tickets, 2d. each.

HANLEY, STAFFORDSHIRE. — A tea-party and ball, for the benefit of the Chartist cause, will take place in the George and Dragon Large Room, on Easter Tuesday. Tea to be on the table at five o’clock ; after which there will be singing and recitations, &c. &c. A quadrille band wiil bo in attendance. Tickets for gentlemen, ls,; ladies, 9d. To be had at the bar of the George and Dragon, Mr. Jeremiah Yates’s, Mile’s Bank, Mr. Jos. Heath, Slacks Lane, and of the Committee.

ROTHERHITE. — A lecture will be delivered on Sunday evening at seven o’clock, at Bailey’s Temperance Coffee Home, Church-passage, by Mr. John Roberts.

Mr. Hammond will preach next Sunday evouing, in the Chartist’s Association Room, Lidget Green, at six o’clock in the evening.

ECCLES. — Mr. Linney, of Manchester, will lecture acre on Monday evening.

BRADFORD. — Mr. Smyth, Mr. Kell, and Mr. Deighton will lecture in the Large Room, Butterworth Buildings, on Sunday next, at six o clock in the evening ; subject —the Corn Laws, Machinery, and Competition.

STANNINGLEY. — Mr. Brook, Mr. Ainsley, and Mr. Borrows will leoture at Sfcauniugley, on Sunday next, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

Mr. Jennings and Mr, Corrodos will lecture at Holme Lane ends, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock.

ROTHERHAM. — Mr. Roberts will lecture at Bailey’s Coffee House, Church-passage, on Sunday evening next.
