LONDON. — Mr. Goodwyn Banaby will lecture on Sunday evening next, at the Hall, Turnagain-lane, Skinner-street.

Mr. Fussell will lecture, on Monday evening, at the Southern Literary Institution, (late Rotunda,) Blackfriars-road.

The General Conference Committee and the Delegates to the Birmingham Conference are requested to meet on Friday evening next, at the Crown and Anchor, corner of Bear Alley Farringdon-street.

A Public Meeting will be held on Tuesday evening next, at the Ball of the National Association, Holborn, to adopt the National Remonstrance, Chair to be taken at eight o’clook.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Cameron will lecture at Mr. Savage’s, Circas-street, on Sunday next, at half-past seven in the evening.

PADDINGTON. — Mr. John Watkins will lecture to the Charter Coffee House, Edgoware-road, on Monday evening next, at eight o'clock.

CHARTIST CARVERS AND GILDERS, Mr. Bailey’s, 42, New Compton-street, Soho. On Monday evening next, Mr. Skelton will lecture on the following subject	" Man— his rights—what are they " Members and the public are respectfully invited to attend.

Camberwell Chartists will meet as usual at the Cock Inn, March 27, to hear Mr. J. Sewell deliver a lecture upon the principles of Republicanism. Other business of great importance will be brought before the meeting, involving the interest of the whole Chartist body, especially the Camberwell members.

LIMEHOUSE. — A lecture will be delivered at the School Room, late Zion Chapel, Rope-makers Fields, Limehouse, on Tuesday evening next

ST. PANCRAS. — Mr. M'Grath will lecture on Monday next, March 27th, at Mr. Tillman’s Coffee-house, 59, Tottenham-court-road, the chair to be taken at eight o’clock precisely.

WARRINGTON. - Mrs. Wilkinson will deliver a lecture on Teetotalism, on Wednesday evening next, at eight o'clock, in the Chartist Room, Bank-street.

SOUTHWARK TEAPARTY AND BALL COMMITTEE. - The members of the above committee are requested to meet the secretary at the Black Eagle, Parish-street, Horseieydown, Southwark, at seven o’clock on Sunday evening, 26th March, for a filial settlement of its affairs. A balance sheet will be published for the satisfaction of the public.

PADIHAM. — On Sunday next, Mr. Isaac Barrow, of Bolton, will deliver two sermons, in the Chartist Association Room, Padiham, when collections will be made in aid of the Defence Fund.

KEIGHLEY. — The next Delegate Meeting of this district will be holden in the Working Man’s Hall, Sun-street, Keighley, on Sunday, the 2nd April, at ten o'clock in the forenoon.

BOLTON. — Mr. Peter Rigby will lecture in the Charter Association Room, on Sunday next, (tomorrow,) at six o’clock in the evening.

NOTTINGHAM. — The committee for establishing a Working Man’s Hall will meet delegates from the various localities in Nottingham, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock, at the Peacock Inn. —A series of experiments, illustrative of the science of Phreno-Magnetism, will take place at the Democratic Chapel, Rice-place; the proceeds to be given to the Defence Fund.

BIRMINGHAM. — The monthly conference of the Chartists of Birmingham will be held at tho Black Horse Inn, Prospect-row, on Monday next, the 27th inst., at seven o’clock in the evening. There will also be a grand ball and miscellaneous concert, to aid Mr, G. White's defence, on Tuesday the 23th, at the Royal Oak, Little Charles-street; tickets sixpence each.

MANCHESTER. — Cropper-Street. — Mr. Jas. Renshaw Cooper will lecture here on Tuesday evening next, at eight o’clock, " On the Principle of Cooperation.”

WEDNESBURY. — Monday next, March 27th, is the day appointed for the assembling of the good and true of South Staffordshire, to commemorate the laying the first brick of the People’s Hail, , Messrs. Cooper, O’Niel, Mason, and others, are invited to attend on that occasion.

Mr. West will visit Swadlincote on Sunday, the 26th; Burton, on Monday the 27th: Leicester on Tuesday the 28th ; Sheepshead, on Thursday tho 30th ; Loughborough, on Friday the 31st inst.; and at Nottingham on Sunday, April 1st; Sutton-in-Ashfield, on Monday the 2nd; Sheffield, on Tuesday; and Macclesfield, on Thursday the 4th.

ROCHDALE. — On Sunday next, Maroh 26th, Mr. James Mills, of Whitworth, will deliver two, addresses in the Chartist Association Room, at this place ; one at half past two o’clock in the afternoon, the other at six in the evening.

READING. — Ruffy Ridley will lecture on Wednesday, at Reading.
