UPPER WORTLEY. — Funeral sermons for Clayton and Thomas Howgate, will be preached hero to-morrow, in the afternoon and evening, in a- private house near the New Inn, Wortley Moor. Collections for the widows.

BARNSLEY. — Funeral sermons will be preached in the Odd Fellows’ Hall, on Sunday, the 28th, by thE Rev. Wm. Hill. After service, petitions and memorials for Frost, Williams, and Jones, and all political prisoners, will be ready for signature at the door of the hall.

MACCLESFIELD. — Mr. West lectures to¬morrow night, on Church Establishments.

WIGAN.	— Dr. M‘Douall preaches in the Commercial Hall, Market-place, on Sunday, the 28th, at half-past two in the afternoon, and lectures in the same place on the Monday and Tuesday evenings following, at eight o’clock.

LOUGHBOROUGH. — A public meeting of the inhabitants of Loughborough will be holden at the Charter Hotel, on Monday evening, to adopt a petition, and nominate a delegate to the Charter and Petition Convention,

MARYLEBONE. — A funeral sermon for Clayton will be preached tomorrow afternoon, in the Sherbourne Road, near the terminus of the Great Western Railway.

KIDDERMINSTER. — A public meeting of the inhabitants of Kidderminster is called for Monday night next, the 22nd, in order to assist in carrying out the plan laid down in the Star of the 13th inst., by Mr. Feargus O’Connor. It is hoped that the meeting will be a numerous one, as the object will be so beneficial. The chair will be taken at eight o’clock, when all the Chartists of Kidderminster should be at, their posts, and aid, as far as in their power lies, to carry out this most excellent plan of our worthy friend, Feargus O’Connor.

NORTH LONDON. — Next Monday evening a lecture will be delivered on the statistics of the newspaper press of the united kingdom, at the Star Coffee House, Islington Green.

STAPLEFORD, (NEAR NOTTINGHAM). — Mr. Bairstow lectures on Monday in the Democratic Chapel.

RENTON, (NEAR NEWCASTLE). — Mr. Bairstow lectures here this afternoon at four P.M.

SUNDERLAND. — Mr. Binns lectures at the Life-boat House, at half-past twelve to-morrow afternoon, in the evening, Messrs. Decgan, Binns, and Williams will address the Chartists of Sunder¬land, in the Corporation-hall, on the proposed Con¬vention, and other matters relating to this cause.

HUDDERSFIELD. — On Monday evening, a public meeting of the inhabitants of Huddersfield, will be holden in the Chartist-room, Upperhead-Row, to elect a delegate to the Charter and Petitions Con-vention.

MACCLESFIELD. — The adjourned mooting of the Chester county delegates will be hold on ; Sunday, the 28th inst,, at the Chartist Room, Bundle of Sticks, Watercotes.

CHELSEA. — Mr. Wall lectures to-morrow evening, at the large room over the United Tem¬perance Coffee House, South George Street, Sloane Square, on the principles of the Charter. Lectures will be delivered in the same room on Sunday, March 28th, by Mr. T.M. Wheeler, and on Sunday, April 5th, by Mr. Peat, at seven each evening.

WEST RIDING. — Mr, Arran, West Riding missionary, will deliver lectures at the following places:- On Monday, the 22nd inst., at Queen’s Head ; Tuesday, Keighley; Wednesday, Bingley; Thursday, Heckmondwike ; Friday, Pudsey ; Sa¬turday, Idle.

HEBDEN BRIDGE. — A public meeting of the inhabitants of Hebden Bridge, is to be holden on Monday the 22nd, to adopt the plan recommended by Feargus O’Connor, in the last number of the Star, to get up petitions for the free pardon of Frost, Williams, and Jones, and all those persons who are now suffering in the different hells under Whig domination, and to raise subscriptions towards de¬fraying the expences of a delegate being sent to London to present the same. —Signed THOMAS MITCHELL.

MANCHESTER. — A delegate to the Political Prisoner’s Restoration and Charter Petition’s Con¬vention will be put in nomination on Monday evening, at the Carpenter’s Hall, Manchester, and a public meeting to elect the said delegate will be holden in the Tib-street Room, on Tuesday, the 23rd instant.


