MR. O’CONNOR’S TOUR. — After the Manchester and Oldham demonstrations he will be at Stockport on Tuesday the 9th; at Bury on Wednesday the 10th; Rochdale on Thursday the 11th; and Leeds on Friday the 12th. Chair to be taken at seven o’clock each night. Discussion of all sorts permitted, and opposition courted.

LONDON. — A discussion will take place at the City of London Hall, on Sunday next, at half-past ten o’clock in the forenoon; subject:- Chartism versus Socialism.

IN THE AFTERNOON of the same. day, at three o’clock, the Delegate Council will assembled for the transaction of business.

IN THE Evening, at seven o’clock, Mr. Thomas Clark, of the Executive, will deliver a public lecture.

SPITALFIELDS. — Mr. M‘Grath will deliver a lecture at the Standard of Liberty, Brick-lane, on Sunday evening next at half-past seven.

TO THE CHARTISTS OF THE METROPOLITAN DISTRICTS. — A public meeting for the purpose of electing delegates to represent the Metropolitan districts in the ensuing Chartist Convention, to be holden at Manchester, on the 15th of April next, will be holden at the Hall of the Political and Scientific Institution, Turn-again Lane, on Tuesday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock.

ST. ANDREWS, HOLBORN. — Mr. Davoc will deliver an address, on the People’s Charter, at the Crown Coffee House, 14, Leather-lane, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock.

MARYLEBONE. — An harmonic meeting will he holden at the Mechanic’s Institute, (up stairs), on Monday evening next, to commence at eight o'clock.

A CONCERT AND BALL will be holden at the Jacobs Well-tavern, Barbican, on Easter Tuesday, to commence at seven o’clock in the evening.

TOWER HAMLETS. — Mr. Ruffy Ridley will deliver a lecture in the Working Men’s Hall, Mile End Road, on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock.

WESTMINSTER. — Mr. Davoc will deliver a lecture in the Golden Lion Tavern, Dean-street, Soho, on Sunday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock.

SOUTHWARK AND LAMBETH. — Mr. J. B. O'Brien will deliver his second lecture on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock in the South London Chartist Hall, Blackfriars-road.

BLACK BULL INN, HAMMERSMITH ROAD. — A meeting will be held on Monday evening next, April 1st, at eight o’clock precisely.

ISLINGTON LOCALITY. — The members are requested to meet on Easter Sunday, at seven o’clock in the evening, afc the Flora Tavern and Tea Gardens, York place, Barnsbury Park.

MILE END. — On Sunday next, Mr, Ruffy Ridley will lecture at half-past seven o’clock.

ON EASTER MONDAY a tea, ball, and concert will be held at the Hall, No. 29 1/2, Mile End Road.

SOUTHWARK. — The members of the St. Olaves and St. John’s Locality will meet on Thursday evening next, at the King of Prussia, Fair-street, Tooley- street.

A SPECIAL MEETING of the members will be held on Tuesday evening, afc half-past seven o’clock, at the Hall, Turnagain-lane.

Mr. WHEELER will lecture on Sunday evening, at Circus-street, Marylebone.

GOLDEN LION LOCALITY. — A special meeting of members will be holden on Sunday evening next.

SOMERS TOWN. — A public lecture will be delivered at the Bricklayer's Arms, Tonbridge-street, New-road, on Sunday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock.

SOUTH LONDON CHARTIST HALL. — A grand Festival consisting of Tea, Concert and Ball, will be holden on Easter Monday, in honour of the Executive Committee of the National Charter Association. Tea on the table at seven o’clock. — Tickets 1s 3 each; - to the Ball 9d.

WHITECHAPEL. — A general meeting will be holden at the White Horse Locality, Whiteohapel-road, on Sunday evening next.

DEWSBURY. — A district Council meeting will be holden on Sunday next, in the large room over the Co-operative Stores, to take into consideration the propriety of sending a delegate to the West-riding meeting to be holden at Halifax on the 7th of April next.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday (to morrow), Mr. W. Bell, of Heywood, will lecture in the Chartist room, Greaves-street, at six o’clock in the evening.

HOLINWOOD. — A Tea Party will take place in the Chartist room, Pew Nook, on Easter Monday, the 8th of April.

BRADFORD. — Mr. Clisset, of Mill Bridge, one of the “plug plot” victims, will deliver two lectures in the Large Room, Butterworth Buildings, on Sunday (to-morrow), at two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six in the evening.

BRADFORD. — The Chartists of the Central Locality are requested to meet, on Sunday morning next, at ten o’clock.

THE CHARTISTS of Little Horton, will meet on Sunday morning next, at ten o’clock, and at six o’clock in the evening, to elect a delegate to the West Riding meeting.

THE CHARTISTS of Bowling will meet on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, and two in the afternoon.

THE CHARTISTS of Daisy Hill will meet on Sunday morning at ten o’clock.

HULL. — Mr. Kydd, of Newcastle, will address the people of this place, in the Free Masons’ Lodge, Myton Gate, on the Banking System, on Monday April 8th.

PRESTON. — A public meeting will be holden in the Association room, Park Road, on Easter-Monday, to elect a Delegate to represent this place in the forthcoming Convention. Chair to be taken at eight o’clock.

ANY DELEGATE going to, or from the Conference, who can make it convenient to deliver a lecture at the above place, is respectfully requested to send a notice beforehand. Address James Brown, 71, Park Road, Preston.

HALIFAX. — Mr. John Murray will lecture here, on Sunday (to-morrow), at six o’clock in the evening.

WEST RIDING MEETING. — A West Riding meeting will be holden in the Chartist Association room, Pellon-lane, on Sunday April 7th, chair to be taken at eleven o’clock in the forenoon.

A PUBLIC MEETING will be holden in the above room, on Monday the 8th April, to appoint a delegate to the forthcoming Conference. Chair to be taken at six o'clock in the evening.

HYDE. — A lecture will be delivered by Mr. John Leach, on Monday evening April 1st, at half-past seven o’clock, in the Chartist Association room, on Phreno-magnetism.

THE ADJOURNED County Delegate meeting will be holden in the Chartist Association room, on Sunday next, at ten o’clock in the forenoon. Delegates from the following places are requested to be punctual to time; Stockport, Macclesfield, New Mills, Hazelgrove, Mottram, and Duckinfield.

ROCHDALE. — Mr Joseph Wood will deliver two lectures on Sunday next, in the Chartist Association room.

BURY. — On Sunday (to-morrow) the Rev. W. V. Jack-on, of Manchester, will deliver two lectures in the Garden-street lecture room, at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six in the evening.

ON MONDAY April 1st, a public meeting will be holden in the above room, at eight o’clock in the evening, to elect a delegate to the Convention.

BROMSGROVE. — Mr. G. White will deliver a lecture in the large room at Mr. Thomas Guests, the Shoulder of Mutton Inn, St. John-street, on Sunday, (to-morrow to commence at seven o’clock.

HUDDERSFIELD. — A general meeting of the Chartists of the district will be holden in the Hall of Science, on Sunday, March 31st, for the purpose of selecting a delegate, or delegates, to the West-Riding Meeting, which is to be holden on the following Sunday; and also for the purpose of nominating delegates to the forthcoming Conference. The Chartists of Holmfirth, Honley, Berry Brow, Lockwood, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, and Brighouse, are requested to attend. A general meeting will also be holden in the Association Room, Upperhead-row, on Tuesday evening, April the 2nd, to which the Chartists of the above places are invited to attend, as the business to be brought before the meeting is of an important character; to commence at eight o’clock. — A lecture will be delivered in the evening of Sunday, March 3lst (to-morrow), in the Hall, by Mr. Clarke, of Ledbury, (the gentleman who met Mr. Cobden at Gloucester). Subject— “Cobden and the Anti-Corn Law League.”

LEEDS. — Mr. John Shaw will lecture to-morrow (Sunday) afternoon, and Mr. David Ross, in the evening, in the Bazaar, Briggate. The Rev. Wm. Linwood, from Mansfield, will deliver a lecture in the above room, on Monday night, at eight o’clock. Subject— "Chartism considered as an expression of the hopes of the age.”