MR. O'CONNOR'S TOUR.-Mr. O'Connor will lecture in the Bazaar, Leeds, on Sunday evening, April 7th. After the Manchester and Oldham demonstrations he will be at Stockport on Tuesday the 9th; at Bury on Wednesday the 10th; and Rochdale on Thursday the 11th. Discussion of all sorts permitted, and opposition courted.
BRADFORD.-The Chartists of Little Horton, will meet in the School Room, Park-place, on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock, and at two o'clock in the afternoon.-A public meeting will be holden at Little Horton, on Sunday evening, at six o'clock, to elect a delegate.	«
THE CHARTISTS of White Abbey will meet in the School Room, on Monday evening.-A public meeting will be held in the School Room, White Abbey, on Monday evening, to elect a delegate to the forthcoming Conference.
THE CHARTISTS of Daisy Hill will meet on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock, in the Association Room.
THE CHARTISTS of Bowling will meet on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock.
THE CHARTISTS of New Leeds will meet in their Room, on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock.
THE CHARTISTS of George's-street will meet in their room on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock.
THE CHARTISTS of the Central Locality will meet in their room on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock.
CLITHERO.-A public meeting will be held in the Chartist Room, York-street, on Sunday evening, April 7th, at seven o'clock, to nominate competent individuals to constitute the future Executive.
HUDDERSFIELD.-A public meeting will be held in the Large Meeting Room, Darwen's Yard, Upper head-row, on the evening of Tuesday, to elect two Delegates to attend the Manchester Conference.
LEEDS.-Mr. O'Connor will deliver a lecture tomorrow (Sunday) evening, at half-past six o'clock, in the Bazaar, Briggate. Mr. John Shaw will lecture in the afternoon, at half-past two, in the same place.
OLDHAM.-On Sunday (to-morrow), Mr. J. M. Leach, of Hyde, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greave's-street; after the lecture, a public meeting of the members will take place for the purpose of nominating five efficient persons to fill the office of an Executive Committee for the ensuing year,
LEICESTER.-Next Sunday (to-morrow) Mr. Bairstow will deliver two lectures in the spacious and central room, lately occupied by Mr. Sathwell, the schoolmaster, in Short-street, opposite Taylors' factory, at half-past two in the afternoon, and seven in the evening. Admission free.
