SOUTH LANCASHIRE. — Mr. Leech will visit the following places during the ensuing week:—Roch¬dale, at two o’clock, Sunday, 4th of April; Miln-row at six o'clock, Sunday, 4th of April; Unsworth, at six o'clock, Monday, 5th of April; Droylsden, at six o’clock, Tuesday, 6th of April; Heywood, at six o’clock, Thursday, 8th of April; Ashton, at six o’clock, Friday, 9th ,of April; Delph, at six o’clock, Saturday, 10th of April; Shaw, at two o’clock, Sunday, 11th of April; and Oldham, at six o’clock, Sunday, 11th of April.

SUNDERLAND. — On Sunday afternoon Mr. Binns will lecture at the Life Boat House, and in the evening Mr Deegan at the Co-operative Hall. Mr. Williams will deliver an address on Tuesday evening, in the Co¬operative Hall, on Teetotal Chartism.

DEVON AND CORNWALL. — A delegate meeting for the counties of Devon and Cornwall, will be held at Totness on Sunday week next, the 11th of April, 1841, at the house of Mr. T. Holman, New Inn, Bridge Town, Totness, at twelve o’clock, at which hour all the delegates are requested to attend. Each delegate to bring his credentials with him, in order to certify that he was duly elected, at a public meeting, as a delegate for the place wherein he might reside. The meeting is for the purpose of organising these two counties, also to raise a fund for the purpose of procuring a lecturer for the two counties. Those places in Devon and Cornwall who do not intend to send a delegate, will send a letter directed to the above place; also that each delegate of the various towns will, at the meeting, be prepared to state accurately what sum each place can raise toward the support of the lecturer.

REDRUTH. — Mr. E.P. Mead preaches twice to-morrow here.

GWENNAP. — On Easter Monday, Mr. E. P. Mead will address the people at Gwennap Pit. It is hoped that all bodies will form a procession, and cause it to be a great and general meeting of the Western Divi¬sion, for the adoption of petitions, &c. to the House of Commons.

BERMONDSEY. — A special meeting is to be held at the Star Coffee House on Monday evening.

MACCLESFIELD. — Mr. West lectures here to-night on the evils of hereditary legislation ; and to-morrow even¬ing on the evils of a standing army.

CHELSEA. — Mr. Peat lectures at the United Tem¬perance Coffee House, Lower George’s-street, Sloane Square, to-morrow evening, on taxation.

BRADFORD. — A public meeting is to be held in Longcroft Place Chapel, at seven o’clock this (Saturday) evening, for the purpose of adopting the petition which appeared in the Star on Saturday, the 20th ult. Also to nominate a Stand proper person to sit in the Convention which is to assemble in London.

GOODMANSEND. — A meeting will be held this evening, (Saturday) at the house of Mr. Goldsbrough, to receive contributions and enrol names. Books open at half-past eight*
HULL. —The Rev. Wm, Hill preaches to-morrow evening, on behalf of the General Victim Fund, in the Freemason’s Lodge, Hull, Service to commence at half-past six.

HANLEY, POTTERIES. — Dr. M’Douall will deliver a course of lectures in the Staffordshire Potteries, to com¬mence April 6th.

DERBYSHIRE. —Mr. Bairstow, Chartist lecturer for the county of Derbyshire, will visit the following places, during the next week, to deliver lectures, and organise the county on the new plan of organisation, namely:—At Burton-on-Trent, on Monday, April 5th. This meeting will be held in the Market Place, and it is hoped that any friends favourable to the cause will meet Mr. Bairstow, at Mr. Chambers, carrier, Bottom of the Trent Bridge, to make necessary arrangements. Reply, on Tuesday evening, the 6th, in the Market Place; Willington, on Wednesday evening, the 7th; Mickleover, on Thursday evening, the 8th; and Little- over, on Friday evening, the 9th. As these are entirely new fields of agitation, it is earnestly entreated of all Chartists in these villages to give Mr. Bairstow their countenance and friendly support All the meetings will begin at seven o’clock in the evening. Mr. Bairstow will enrol members of the National Charter Asso¬ciation in all these places, if any be desirous of being enrolled, and forming a strong organisation to secure the attainment of the Charter.
