WEST-RIDING. — Mr. Arran will lecture at the following places :—Bradford, on Saturday (this day), April l0th; Halifax, on Sunday, the 11th, at six o’clock in the evening ; Heckmondwike, on Monday, the 12th ; Huddersfield, on Tuesday, the 13th ; Lep¬ton, on Wednesday, the 14th ; Honley, on Thursday, the 15th ; Sowerby, on Friday, the I6ch ; and at Illingworth, on Saturday, the 17th. Also at Queens- head, on Monday, the 19ch ; and Keighley, on Friday, the 20th.—The West-Riding Delegate Meeting will be held on Sunday, April 18th, in the large room over the Co-operative Stores, Dewsbury, at which it is hoped a delegate will be present from every town in the Riding.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE. — The South Lancashire Dele¬gate Meeting will be held on Sunday morning, April 18th, at ten o’clock, in the Charter Association Rooms, Brown-street, Manchester.
Lectures. — Mr. James Leech will lecture at the following places On Monday, April 12th, at Denton ; on Wednesday, the 14th, at Chorlton-upon- Medlock ; on Thursday, the 15th, at Mottram ; on Friday, the 16th, at Milnrow ; and on Sunday, the 18th, at Ratcliffe. Mr. William Butterworth will also lecture at Chowbent on Sunday (to-morrow), April 11th.

WANDSWORTH. — A lecture on Universal Suffrage will be delivered here next Monday week, by Mr. Benjamin Huggett.

BERMONDSEY. — On Tuesday evening next, at the opening of the room, a lecture will be delivered on the principles of the Charter, when we shall be happy to have the attendance of our members and friends.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday (to-morrow) Mr. J. Greaves, of Austerlands, will lecture in the afternoon, and Mr. J. Leach, of Manchester, in the evening.

STAPLEFORD, NEAR NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. Dorman will preach in the Democratic Chapel, on Sunday next (to-morrow).

HALIFAX. — A public meeting will be held in the Chartist-room, back of Waterhouse-street, over Lynch’s Coffee House, this evening, for the purpose of electing a delegate to attend the West Riding delegate meeting, on the 18th inst., after which the adjourned discussion will be resumed, on the best form of Government.

CHESTERFIELD. — At the weekly meeting of the Chartists of Chesterfield and Brampton, on Tuesday evening last, the secretary brought up the report for the past quarter, which was adopted, and the follow¬ing resolutions were unanimously carried. “ That a public meeting will be held on Tuesday evening next, for petitioning Parliament for the release of all political prisoners ; the recal of Frost, Williams, and Jones ; and for restoring to us our rights as Englishmen, by making the People’s Charter the law of the land; chair to be taken at half-past six o’clock.” That a social tea party will be at the same place, at five o’clock on Pastor Tuesday; Mr. R. Ottley, and other friends from Sheffield, are expected.’’ ” That our next weekly meeting be held on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock, when it is hoped all members will endeavour to be at their post.”

STOCKTON. — The Chartists will hold a public meet¬ing here on the 12th, when Mr. Williams will deliver an address, to commence at half-past one o'clock.

SUNDERLAND. – On Sunday (to-morrow) afternoon, Mr. Williams will lecture at the Life Boat House, at half-past two o’clock; and on Sunday evening, at half-past six o’clock, Mr. Deegan will lecture in the Co-operative Hall. 

LEICESTER. — Mr. Cooper, editor of the Illuminator, to preach in the room at All Saints Open, tomorrow (Sunday) evening ; and a tea meeting for the discussion of plans and prospects, teetotalism, library, a music class, a clothing club, &c., is to take place on the following (Easter Monday) after-noon.

SHEFFIELD. — The young men’s Mutual Instruc¬tion Society intend holding a Ball, in the room, situated in Porter-street, on Easter Monday ; the profits will be expended in spreading Chartist principles.
