LONDON. — Mr. Ruffy Ridley will lecture at the Archery Rooms, Bath-place, St, Pancras, on Sunday evening, the 17th.

Mr. Anderson will lecture at the Carpenters’ Arms, Brick-lane, on Sunday, the 17th.

Mr. Rouse will lecture at the Buck’s Head. Shoreditch, on Sunday, April 17th.

SHOEMAKERS. — Mr. Brannan (from the Isle of Wight) will lecture at the Clock House, Castle-street, Leicester-square, on Sunday, the 17th.

Shoemakers — Mr. Southie will lecture at the Crown and Anchor, Waterloo Town on Sunday, the 17th.

CAMBERWELL. — Mr. Rouse will lecture here on Wednesday, the 20th of April.

Shoemakers. — Mr. Farrar will lecture at the Star Coffee House, Golden Lane, on Sunday, the 17th of April.

55, OLD BAILEY. — Mr. Mee will leoture on Sunday, at the Political Institute, at 7 o'clock precisely.

Mr Bairstow will lecture on Sunday night, at seven o’clock, at the Queen’s Head, Cambridge-Road, Mile end.

Mr. Leach will lecture at the Archery Rooms, Bath-place, St. Pancras, on Sunday night.

TWIG FOLLY. — Mr. Benbow will leoture on Sunday next, April 17th, at the Rose, West-street, Twig Folly. Subject—‘‘Freedom, its advantage, and the course to be pursued to obtain it.” The lecture to commence at seven o’clock.

THREE CROWNS, RICHMOND STREET. - The tailors connected with this locality are requested to attend at the above house on Sunday, April 24th, at eight o’clock, to elect a Secretary, and transact other important business.

Mr. Taylor’s Routs for the ensuing week - Nottingham Forest, on Sunday afternoon, at two o’clock, and six in the evening; Carlton, on Monday evening ; Arnold, on Tuesday ; Calvorton, on Wednesday ; George on Horseback, on Saturday.

MACCLESFIELD. — Mr. H. Candy will lecture in the Association Rooms, Watercotes, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock, when it is requested that all who have petition sheets, or monies for the Convention, will bring them in, as no further delay can be allowed. The different sub-Secretaries who have not sent in their quota of the Convention Funds are requested to do so without delay, as they will otherwise be deprived of the services of the County lecturer.

HALIFAX. — The next Delegate Meeting of this district will be holden on Sunday next, April 17th, In the Chartist Association Room, Sowerby, at two o’clock in the afternoon. Each delegate is particularly requested to come prepared with an exact account of the money paid by them to the Executive from January 1st to February 29th, there being an error in the balance-sheet of the Executive, relating to this district.

The Chartists of Manchester have taken the Carpenter’s Hall, and will open it to-morrow for the first, time. They have engaged Mr. D, Ross to lecture in the afternoon, and Mr. Wm. Jones, of Liverpool, in the evening.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. J. Campbell, General Secretary, will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Working Men’s Hail, 3, Circus-street, New Town. Chair to be taken at half-past seven o’clock.

WEST RIDING. — A West Riding delegate meeting will be hold at Dewsbury, on Sunday, (to-morrow,) at eleven o’clock, in the large room over the Cooperative Stores, on business of importance relative to the People’s Convention, and the re-organization of the West Riding.

BURY. — Mr. Edward Clark, of Manchester, will lecture here on Monday next, at the Garden-street, lecture room, at eight o’clock in the evening.

Mr. E. P. Mead will lecture at Bilston on Monday, the 18th inst., at Darleston, on the 19th ; at Wolverhampton, on the 20th; at Walsall on the 21st.

On Sunday, the 17th inst., Mr. E. P. Mead will preach at Duddeston Row, Birmingham, at three o’clock in the afternoon.

QUEENSHEAD. — Mr. Bell, from Heywood, will lecture at Queenshead, on the 21st inst. Subject— " What will be the best laws to be enacted after the Charter has become the law of the land, in order to produce happiness ami prosperity to the nation ?”

RIPPONDEN. — Mr. B. Rushton, of Halifax, is expected to lecture here on Sunday next, at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon.

SALFORD JUVENILE CHARTISTS, GREAT GEORGE'S STREET. — Mr. Robert Roberts lectures on the 27th inst., and Mr. Elliott Buckley, on the 4th May.

BELPER. — A delegate meeting will be held at the house of Mr. Joseph Vickars to-morrow afternoon, at two o’clock. Delegates are requested to attend from Holbrook, Duffield, Swanwick, Alfreton, Bonsall and Ripley.

SUNDERLAND. — The committee of the Charter Association having succeeded in engaging the Unitarian Chapel, Bridge-street, in future, a lecture will be delivered there every Monday evening, at eight o’clock.

Mr. Charles Connor’s Route, for the ensuing week - Stockton-on-Tees, Monday 18th ; Hartlepool, Tuesday 19th; Wingate Grange Colliery, Wednesday 20th ; Coxoe, 21st; Bedlington, Friday, 22nd ; Cramlington, Saturday 23d; Sunderland, Sunday 24th.

Pitmen’s Meeting. — A meeting of delegates from the colliers of the Tyne and Wear, is intended to be held on Saturday April 23d, at Mr. Hutchinson’s, Freeman’s Arms, Monkwearmouth. In consequence of the present critical state of the pitmen, it is expected that the meeting will be a large and important one.

NOTTINGHAM. — On Tuesday evening next, a meeting will be held at eight o’clock, at the house of Mr. Swan, Union Coffee House, on business of importance.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday, (to-morrow), Mr. James Cartledge will lecture at Waterhead Mill, at two o’clock in the afternoon, and in Oldham at six in tho evening. Also, on Monday, a discussion will take place in the Chartist room, Greaves-street, Oldham. Subject, “ The most effectual means of obtaining the People’s Charter.” Discussion will commence at nine o’olock in the evening.

Mr. Candy’s Route for the ensuing week :— Hazle Grove, Saturday April 18 ; Macclesfield, Sunday 17 ; Congleton, Monday 18 ; Hanley, Tuesday 19 ; Stoke-upon-Trent, Wednesday 20 ; Lane End, Thursday 21 ; Stafford, Friday 22 ; Saturday 23 ; Wolverhampton. Sunday 24.

SALFORD. — The youths hold their weekly meetings every Wednesday evening, at the Charter Association Room, Great George’s-street, Salford.

SHEFFIELD. — A political Sermon will be preached in the National Charter Association Room Fig Tree Lane, on Sunday afternoon, at half-past two o’clock, by a member of tho Youth’s Association. Mr. John West, of Macclesfield, will lecture in the above room, (Fig-tree-laue,) on Sunday evening, at half-past six o'clock.
Mr. West will deliver a second lecture to the Chartists of Sheffield, on Monday evening, in the Town Hall. Admission, One Penny, Doors open at seven; lecture to commence at eight o’clock.
A Meeting of the Female Chartists will be hold in the Fig-Tree-lane Room, on Monday evening, at half-past five o’clock. Mr. West is expected to bo present.

SUTTON. — Mr. Pepper will preach here on Sunday morning, at half-past ten o’clock, and will hold a Chartist Love Feast, and preach in the open air at East Leake, at half-past two in the afternoon.

Mr. West will visit Rotherham on Saturday (this day), and Sheffield on Sunday (to-morrow), and Monday.

An East and North Riding Delegate Meeting will be held at Selby, on Sunday, May 1st, at half past ten o’olook in the forenoon, when it is requested that all places that can, will send delegates, as business of the greatest importance will bo brought forward. Those places that cannot send delegates must forward their opinions by letter, and every particular of their various localities.

Mr. West’s Route - Cleckheaton, Tuesday, the 19th; Birstal, Wednesday, the 20th; Batley, Thursday, the 21st; Poiovens, Friday, the 22nd; Horbury, Saturday, the 23d ; Dewsbury, Sunday, the 24th; Heckmondwike, Monday, the 25th ; Littletown, Tuesday, the 26th ; Dewsbury, Wednesday, the 27th, in the Market Plaoe; Ossett, Thursday, the 23ih; Earlsheaton, Friday, the 29th ; Wakefield, Saturday, the 30th.

DUKINFIELD. — Mr. Gathard will lecture at Bayley’s Coffee House, Church Passage, on Sunday evening next. Subject —Education.

Mr. Roberts will lecture at the St. John’s Coffee House, on Sunday evening next, on the Repeal of the Union. Chair taken at eight o’clock.

Mr. P. M. Brophy, late Secretary to the Dublin Universal Suffrage Association, will visit the following places during the ensuing week — Monday and Tuesday, the 18th and 19th, at Derby ; Wednesday, the 20th, at Loughborough ; Thursday, the 21st, at Leicester.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. P. M. Brophy lectures here on Wednesday evening. On Sunday next, Mr. W. D. Taylor will preach the funeral sermon of Henry Frost, on the Forest, at two o’clock.

LOUGHBOROUGH. — On Sunday, April 24th, a delegate meeting for the Northern division of Leicestershire, will be held in the Association Room, Loughborough, at half-past two p.m. to devise means for the better organization of the district.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Jones, of Liverpool, will lecture here on Sunday, (to-morrow), at half-past two and at six in the evening.

LEES. — Mr. Wm. Bell, of Haywood, will lecture in the Association Room, on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, at six o’clock.

Mr. Stringlehurst will lecture at Congleton, 17th April ; Potteries, 18th and 19th ; Stafford, 20th ; Wolverhampton, 21st; Bilston, 22nd ; Birmingham, 23rd, if the parties can make it convenient.