LONDON. — Messrs. Wheeler and Sowell will attend on Monday and Tuesday to open a new locality at Coggleshall, in Essex. The inhabitants of the surrounding district are invited to attend.

TURNAGAIN-LANE. — A ball will be held on Easter Monday, at the Political and Scientific Institution, 1, Turnagain-lane. Tickets, 1s. each; double ditto, 1s. 6d.

A Special Meeting of the Metropolitan Delegate Meeting will take place on Sunday afternoon to discuss the new proposal for an improved Organization, also to consider the propriety of co-operating with our brethren in Surrey, in calling a meeting of the Council resident in London, for the above object.

The Camberwell Locality will meet, as usual, at the Cock Inn, to transact business, and a lecture will be given by Mr. Anderson or Mr. J. Sewell.

An Harmonic Meeting will be held at the Feathers, Warren-street, Tottenham Court-road, on Tuesday next, at eight o’clock. Admission twopence each.

Mr. Skelton will lecture at Tilman’s Coffee-house, Tottenham Court-road, on Monday next, at eight o’clock.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Bolwell will lecture at the Mechanics’ Institution, Circus-street, on Sunday evening, at half-past seven o’clock. Subject—the life of Robert Emmett.

SILK WEAVERS' LOCALITY. — The members of this locality will meet on Sunday evening, at brother D. Cordons, at seven o’clock, on business of importance.

Mr. Mantz will deliver a lecture at No. 1, China Walk, to the young men of Lambeth, and the public in general on Sunday week, at half-past seven.— On Easter Monday, there will be a free concert and ball, at No. 1, China Walk, got up by the Young Men’s locality.—There will be a discussion on Sunday evening, at seven o’clock.

LIMEHOUSE. — A discussion will take place on Monday evening next, at the School Room, Rope-maker’s-fields, on the education clauses of the Factory Bill. —Mr. Mantz will lecture on Tuesday evening next, at the above place, at half-past seven o’clock.

Mr. Farrer will lecture upon a most important subject on Sunday evening, at the Goldbeater’s Arms, Old St. Pancras-road, The members of the Somers Town locality are earnestly requested to attend at the above place on Monday evening next, to discuss and consider a new Plan of Organization.

Notice. — In consequence of the interference of the authorities, the members of the Clock house locality have removed their place of meeting to Mr. Pierce’s, the Golden Lion, 51, Dean-street, Soho, opposite St. Ann’s Church, where a lecture will be given on next Sunday evening, at half-past eight o’clock.

BRISTOL. — Mr. J. N. Clarke, of Ledburgh, will lecture at Bear-lane Chapel, on Monday, April 17, at eight o’clock in the evening.

MANCHESTER. — Carpenters’ Hall. —The Rev. William Hill, Editor of the Northern Star, will preach two Sermons in the above Hall, on Sunday, (to-morrow) ; it being the first anniversary of the opening of this Hall for Chartist purposes. Service to commence at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon, and half-past six in the evening.

The Members of the General Council resident in Manchester are requested to meet in the large anti-room of the Carpenters’ Hall, on Sunday (to-morrow) morning, at nine o’clock, to take into consideration the plan of Feargus O’Connor, Esq., for the better organization of the Chartist movement.

SOWERBY. — On Monday, Mr. Doyle, of Manchester, will lecture at seven o’clock in the evening. One penny each will be charged towards the support of the cause. On Tuesday, a ball will be holden in the same room. Tickets twopence each.

WARRINGTON. — A discussion will be held in the Chartist Room, Union-street, on Sunday (to-morrow) at six o’clock in the evening, on Mr. Firth’s plan of preparing for going on the land. All communications for the Chartists here for the future must be addressed to Mr. John Boardman, Shoemaker, Doleman’s-lane, Warrington.

NORTHAMPTONSHIRE. — Mr. Mason, of Birmingham, will lecture in the following localities next week Long Buckby, Easter Monday; Northampton, Tuesday; Kettering, (new locality,) Wednesday and Thursday ; Oundle, Friday; Peterborough, Saturday; Wellingborough, Monday and Tuesday, the 24th and 25th; Kettering, (old locality,) Wednesday, the 26th; Long Buckby, the 27th.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — The member’s fortnightly meeting will be held on Sunday next, when business of importance will be brought before them.

On Easter Monday a concert and ball will be held, in the Chartist meeting-room Charlestown, five o’clock in the evening ; proceeds to go to the funds of the association.

DEWSBURY. — A District Council Meeting held on Sunday in the large room over the Co-operative Stores, at two o’clock in the afternoon when delegates are requested to attend from all parts of the district, to ascertain the most appropriate means of support for the families of Messrs. Clissett and Sheldrake, during their incarceration.

MACCLESFIELD. — The Chartists of this town have determined on a concert and ball, on, Easter Monday at seven o’clock in the evening, in their new Association Room, Stanley-street. Tickets may be had of the following persons : - John Stutts, Backwallgate ; Henry Hargreaves, Waters Green, and at the Association Room, Stanley-street. The proceeds to be appropriated towards the repairs and decoction of the room. All communications to the.Chartists of this place must be addressed to Henry Hargrave, boot and shoe maker, Waters Green. It is also requested that ail lecturers for the future, wishing to visit this locality, do give four clear days notice.

Mr. Beesley will lecture in South Shields, on Tuesday evening next, at the Scarborough; the lecture to commence at half-past seven o’clock.

BRADFORD. — The Chartists of Little Horton will meet on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, in the School Room, on important business. The members and scholars will have a public dinner in the School room to commemorate the establishing of a Chartist Sunday School. After dinner several select pieces of music, vocal and instrumental, will be performed. Dinner on the table at two o’clock, Tickets for dinner, 1s each may be had of Mr. Richard Elsworth, Mr. Waddington and at the School room, Park-place.

On Monday and Tuesday evenings, a ball will take place in the large room, Butterworth Buildings, to commence at seven o’clock each evening.

On Sunday evening, a lecture will be delivered in the large room, Butterworth Buildings, to commence at six o’clock.

The Chartists of New Leeds will meet in their room, on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock.

The Members of the Co-operative Store are particularly requested to meet on Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock, in the room over the shop in Chapel-lane. The rules are to be examined previous to getting them enrolled.
