COVENTRY. — Mr. Martin will attend at Coventry on Monday next, the 18th of April, and visit other towns in due order.

WATERLOO TOWN. — On Sunday next, Mr. Wall will lecture at the Bricklayers’ Arms, Cheshire-street, Wa¬terloo Town, on the funding system, to commence at seven o’clock.

EAST LONDON DEMOCRATIC ASSOCIATION. — Mr. Edward Pickersgill gave notice of motion for next Sunday evening's discussion, on “ the best and easiest means of obtaining the People’s Charter.”

MERTHYR TYDFIL (GLAMORGANSHIRE). — A discussion will take place at the Working Men’s Associa¬tion Room. The question to be discussed—“ What are the reasons that the middle classes will not join with the working classes in their desire for Reform ?’ It is also proposed that a short explanation of the globe, in Welsh, be given for the benefit of the members.

BELPER. — Mr. Bairstow, the Chartist lecturer, will lecture at the following places in the ensuing week:— Holbrook, on Monday, April 18th; Alfreton, Tuesday, 20th; Swanwick, Wednesday, 21st; Heage, Thursday, 22nd; Belper, Friday, 23rd; and Milford, Saturday, 24th. A delegate meeting will be held at Belper, on Sun¬day, 25th April, at ten o’clock in the morning, at the house of Mr. James.

LAMBETH. — A discussion will take place “ on the merits of the new plan of organisation,” at 54, Weller- row, Duke-street, Waterloo-road.

LEICESTER. — The ‘Chartist discussion section meets to-night {Saturday}, in the room at All Saints’ Open. Mr. Cooper preaches in the same rooms on Sunday even¬ing. The general financial business of the society will be transacted on Monday evening. The ‘Chartist tee¬total section’ meets on Tuesday evening; and the ‘Char¬tist musical section’ meets on Wednesday evening.

SUNDERLAND. — On Sunday afternoon, Mr. Binns will lecture at the Life-boat House; and, in the even¬ing, Mr. Williams in the Co-operative Hall.

DURHAM. — Mr. Deegan will lecture here on Monday evening, at Mr. Bradford’s.

SOWERBY.— Mr. John Arran, the West-Riding Lecturer, will deliver a lecture in the Council-room, Sowerby, on Sunday week, at ten o’clock in the morn¬ing, also at six o’clock in the evening.

STROUDWATER. — Public meetings are to beholden in the Chartist-room, lately the Renter’s Chapel, at half-past six in the evening of Saturday the 24th inst.,, to petition Parliament for the release of political prisoners, and to elect a Delegate to the Petition Conven¬tion, Mr. Vincent lectures on the 25th.

SILSDEN, NEAR KEIGHLEY. — A public meeting is to be holden here on the 20th, to adept the National Petition. Messrs. Rushton, of Halifax, and Knowles, of Bradford, are expected to attend.

