MR. O’CONNOR will address the Chartists of Manchester, in the Carpenter’s Hall, on Sunday, (to-morrow) in the afternoon and evening; and will be at Stockport on Monday evening. Other Convention delegates will also be present.

LONDON. — Mr. Ridley will deliver a lecture at the Bricklayers’ Arms, Tonbridge-street, Somers’ Town, on Sunday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock.

SPITALFIELDS. — Mr. Davoc will deliver a public address at the Standard of Liberty, Brick-lane, on Sunday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock.

WESTMINSTER. — Mr. Grover will deliver a lecture at the Golden Lion, Dean-street, Soho, on Sunday evening next.

MR. JAMES MEE will deliver a lecture in the South London Chartists’ Hall, Blackfriars’ road, on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock.

MR. A. HANNIBELL will deliver an address in the Political and Scientific Institute, Turnagain-lane, on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock.

MARYLEBONE. — EMMETT BRIGADE. — Mr. Gardener will deliver a public address at the Bricklayer’s Arms, Homer-street, New-road, on Sunday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock.

A MEETING will be holden at the Red Cross Coffee House, Red Cross-street, Cripplegate,on Tuesday evening next, at eight o’clock.

AN HARMONIC MEETING will be held at the Feathers, Warren-street, Tottenham Court-road, on Monday, April 15th, at eight o’clock. The proceeds to be given to the veteran Richards, on his release from Stafford gaol.

SOHO. — Mr. Grover will lecture at the Golden Lion, Dean-street, Soho, on Sunday, the 14th inst.

WORKING MAN’S HALL, MILE END ROAD. — The members of the above locality are requested to attend on Tuesday evening next, at eight o’clock.

WHITECHAPEL. — The General Councillors residing in the Tower Hamlets, will meet at the White Horse, St. Mary-street, Whitechapel, on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock precisely.

HAMMERSMITH. — A meeting will be holden at the Black Bull Inn, on Tuesday evening next, to commence at eight o’clock.

TAILORS’ PROTECTION SOCIETY. — A public meeting of the trade, and a Festival and Ball, will be holden at the National Hall, High Holborn, on Tuesday next, T. S. Duncombe M.P., will preside.

IMPORTANT TO THE WORKING CLASSES. — A public meeting will be holden at the St. Pancras vestry rooms, 1, Gordon-street, Gordon-square, on Monday evening next, on the Ten Hours' and Masters’ and Servants’ Bills. Chair to be taken at half-past six o’clock.

SALFORD. — On Sunday next, Mr. Christopher Doyle will lecture in the National Charter Association room, Great George-street; subject:— The superiority of Chartism over every other "ism" as a means of amelioration for the working classes.

BURY. — Mr. Norman, of Nottingham, will deliver two lectures in the Garden-street lecture room, on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.

SHEFFIELD. — On Sunday Mr. Samuel Parkes, late of this place, will deliver two lectures in the room, Fig Tree-lane, in the afternoon at half-past two, and in the evening at half-past six o’clock.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE DELEGATE MEETING. — The South Lancashire delegates of the Manchester district will meet in Mr. Murray’s room, adjoining the Carpenter’s Hall, on Sunday next.

THE SECRETARIES desirous of being put on the forthcoming lecturer’s plan are required to correspond on the subject with Mr. Jeremiah Lane, Hewit' Court, George Leigh-street, Manchester.

HALIFAX. — Mr, Bawden will lecture here on Sunday (to-morrow), at six o’clock in the evening.

TODMORDEN. — Mr. David Ross will deliver two lectures on Sunday next; one in the afternoon at two, and in the evening at six o’clock.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Wilde, of this place, will deliver two lectures on Sunday next, in the Chartist Association room.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday (to-morrow), Mr. A. F. Taylor, will lecture in the Chartist room, Greave’s-street; subject:- A free enquiry into the legitimate resources whereby the labouring classes may secure a mere equal distribution of the wealth of the country.

MOSSLEY. - The Chartists of Mossley are particularly requested to attend in their Room, Brookbottom, on Tuesday evening next, at eight o’clock.

MANCHESTER. — CARPENTERS’ HALL. - The quarterly examination of the scholars of the Sunday School in connection with the above Hall, will take place on Sunday (to-morrow), when that "noble of nature," Feargus O'Connor, Esq. has kindly consented to deliver an address on the occasion, and also to deliver a lecture in the evening. It is, therefore, hoped that the parents and friends of the scholars will attend. The examination will commence at two o’clock in the afternoon, and the lecture at half-past six in the evening. Collections will be made in aid of the school.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. Pepper will preach in the Democratic Chapel, on Sunday evening next at six o’clock.

LIVERPOOL. — The monthly meeting of delegates of the Liverpool division of the South Lancashire District will take place at Prescot, on Sunday, the 14th instant, at half-past ten o’clock in the morning, at the house of Mr. John Mercer, watch-maker. Hillock-street.

HEYWOOD. — Mr. James Mills, of Whitworth, will lecture here on Sunday next, at six o’clock in the evening.

BARNSLEY. — On Monday next, a meeting will be holden on May-day Green at six o’clock, to petition Parliament in favour of the Ten Hours’ Bill.

HUDDERSFIELD. — DISTRICT MEMBERS’ MEETING. — A general meeting of the members of the Huddersfield District will be holden in the Hall of Science on Sunday afternoon next, at two o’olock, to consider the treacherous conduct pursued towards the District by some of the members, at the meeting in Upperhead-row on Tuesday night last; and to determine on steps to procure justice for all concerned.

LEEDS. — Messrs. M’Grath, Wheeler, and Ross, from London, will address the men of Leeds on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, at half-past six o’clock in the Bazaar, Briggate.
