LONDON. — OUT-DOOR MEETING. — A public meeting will take place on Monday, April 29th, 1844, near the terminus of the Great Western Railway, to consider the propriety of petitioning Parliament not to pass either that unjust and atrocious measure the Masters and Servants’ Bill, or the Irish Registration Bill; and likewise that they abide by their recorded decision on the Ten Hours’ Factory Bill. Sir B. Hall and Sir C. Napier are invited, and are expected to be present. The chair to be taken at seven o’clock.

AN HARMONIC MEETING will be held at the “Feathers,” Warren-street, Tottenham Court Road, London, on Monday, April 29th, 1844, at eight o’clock, for the benefit of A. Street, an old member of the St. Pancras Association, who at present stands in great need of assistance.

ST. ANDREW’S LOCALITY. — A discussion will take place at the Crown Coffee House, Leather-lane, Holborn, on Sunday evening, April 28th, at seven o'clock.

A PUBLIC LECTURE, by Mr. Hunniball, on Tuesday evening, April 30th, at the same place as the above, at eight o’clock.

CITY OF LONDON, TURNAGAIN-LANE. — Mr. Skelton will lecture on Sunday evening (to-morrow) at seven o’clock.

CRIPPLEGATE. — Mr. Davoc will lecture at the City Arms Coffee House, Redcross-street, on Sunday (to-morrow) at half-past seven o’clock in the evening.

Mr. GARDENER will lecture at the Flora Tavern, Barnsbury Park, on Sunday evening (to-morrow) at eight o’clock.

MR. A. HUNNIBELL will lecture at the Crown Coffee Rooms, 14, Leather-lane, Holborn, on Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock.

WESTMINSTER. — Mr. Gall will lecture at the Golden Lion Tavern, Dean-street, Soho, on Sunday evening, at half-past seven.

SOMERS TOWN. — Mr. Sherrard will lecture at the Bricklayers’ Arms, Tonbridge-street, Cromer-street, on Sunday evening, at half-past seven.

MILE END. — The members of the above locality are requested to meet on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, at seven o’clock, at Mr. Sherrard’s, No. 5, Abbey-street, Bethnal Green Road.

Mr. SEWELL will lecture at the South London Chartist Hall, on Sunday evening, at eight o’clock.

Mr. CLUER will lecture at the above Hall, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock.

A MEETING in opposition to the Masters and Servants’ Bill, and in favour of the Ten Hours’ Clause will be held on Kennington Common on Tuesday evening next, April the 30th. Chair to be taken at six o’clock precisely. W. B. Ferrand, Esq., M.P., T. S. Duncombe, Esq., M.P., and Feargus O’Connor, Esq., will attend and address the meeting. All the metropolitan members are invited and expected to attend. Working men do your duty.

A PUBLIC MEETING of the inhabitants of Bristol will be held in the Democratic Hall, Bear-lane, Temple-street, on Tuesday next, April 30th, to take into consideration the Irish Registration Bill, and to petition Parliament in favour of Lord Ashley’s amendment of Ten Hours. The chair to be taken at eight o’clock.

SOUTH SHIELDS. — A public meeting will be held in the Market-Place, South Shields, on Tuesday evening, at half-past six, to take into consideration the propriety of petitioning Parliament against the Irish Registration Bill, and in favour of the People’s Charter.” Mr. Dickinson will deliver two lectures, on Sunday, at half-past ten and half-past two o’clock; in Cornwallis's Square in the fore-noon, and on the Bents in the afternoon.

BRISTOL. — A public meeting will be holden at the Public Hall, on Tuesday evening, April 30th, at eight o’clock, to petition against the Masters and Servants Bill.

WEST OF ENGLAND. — The adjourned delegate meeting for the West of England, will take place at Wooton Underedge, on Sunday, May 5th, at Mr. Rowland Lacey’s coffee house.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. Dorman will preach in the Chapel, Rice-place, Nottingham, on Sunday evening next, at six o'clock.

NOTTINGHAMSHIRE. — A camp meeting will be held at Kimberley on Sunday next, at two o’clock, when Mr. Pepper and others will address the meeting.

SALFORD. — On Sunday evening, the Rev. W. V. Jackson will lecture at half-past six o’clock.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday (to-morrow) Mr. Ambrose Hurst will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at six o’clock in the evening.

MESSRS. C. DOYLE and S. Clark, of the Executive, will attend public meetings at the following places:— Stockport, Monday, April 29; Macclesfield, Tuesday, 30; Hanley, Wednesday, May 1; Bilston, Thursday, 2; Wedgbury, Friday, 3; Birmingham, Monday, 6; Coventry, Tuesday, 7; London, Wednesday, 8.

LEEDS. — Mr. Thomas Clarke, member of the Executive Committee, will deliver two lectures, tomorrow (Sunday) afternoon, at half-past two, and in the evening at half-past six, in the Bazaar, Briggate.

HUDDERSFIELD. — Two lectures will be delivered in the Hall of Science, Huddersfield, on Sunday next, by Mr. C. Doyle, of Manchester, and member of the new Executive Committee.

THE CHARTISTS of the Huddersfield locality are requested to notice that the weekly meetings are now holden in the Hall of Science, on Tuesday evenings.

A GENERAL DISTRICT MEETING will be holden in the Council Room of the Hall of Science, Huddersfield, on Sunday afternoon next, at one o’clock, for the purpose of transacting business connected with Huddersfield district, and electing delegates to the West Riding delegate meeting, to be holden at Halifax on the following Sunday.

BRADFORD. — The Chartists of the Central Locality will meet in their room, Butterworth’s-buildings, on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock.

THE CHARTISTS of Little Horton, will meet in the School Room, Park-place, on Sunday morning at ten o’clock, and at six in the evening.

THE CHARTISTS of George-street, will meet in their Room on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock.

THE CHARTISTS of White Abbey will meet in the School Room, on Monday evening, at eight o'clock.

THE M'DOUALL Committee will meet in the Association Room, New Leeds, on Sunday, at two o’clock in the afternoon. A full attendance of the members is requested.

COVENTRY. — A special meeting of the Chartists of Coventry will be holden in the Chartist Room, Well- street, to take into consideration the Plan of Organization as adopted by the Conference, and other important matters connected with the Chartist movement.

HALIFAX. — Mr. John Murray will lecture in the Association Room, Pellon Lane, on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, at six o’clock.—A general meeting of the shareholders of the Local Land Association will be holden in the above room, on Monday evening, April 29th, at eight o’clock, when the quarterly report of receipts and disbursements will be laid before the body; and for the transaction of other important business.

WEST RIDING DELEGATE MEETING. — This meeting, will be holden on Sunday, May 5th, in the Association Room, Pellon Lane, Halifax.

BURY. — Two lectures will be delivered in the Garden-street Lecture Room, Bury, on Sunday, the 28th, by Mr. Wm. Dixon, of Manchester.

BILSTON. — A delegate meeting will be held at Bilston, on Sunday next, at twelve o’clock, after which a public meeting will be held, when Mr. J. Mason will give a report of the Convention proceedings.

WAKEFIELD. — The Chartists of Wakefield will meet in their room, George and Crown Yard, on Tuesday evening, when the members are requested to attend, as business of importance will be brought forward.

MOTTRAM. — A public supper and ball will be held at the house of Mr. Robert Hampson, New Inn, Hollingworth, on Saturday, May 4th, in honour of the liberation of Robert Wild, Samuel Lees, James Wild, and John Fairhurst, from Knutsford House of Correction. Lovers of liberty are desired to attend.