LONDON. — Mr. Cameron will lecture on Sunday evening at the Political and Scientific Institution, 1, Turnagain-lane.

A Meeting of the whole of the general council, resident in London, will be held on Sunday afternoon, at the hall of the Political and Scientific Institution, 1, Turnagain-lane, at three o’clock precisely. Subject of discussion —Mr. O’Connor’s plan of Organization.

SHOREDITCH. — A public discussion is held every Tuesday evening, at eight o'clock, at the Gloucester Coffee-House, Church-street, Shoreditch.

SOUTH LONDON LOCALITY, ROTUNDA, BLACKFRIARS-ROAD. — This locality, from the situation in which it holds its meetings, is doing great good to the cause and promises ere long to become one of the strongest holds of Chartism in the metropolis. Mr. Martin lectures on Monday next, afterwards a discussion will be entered into.

GOLDEN LION, BEAN-STREET, SOHO. — Mr. Bolwell will lecture here on next Sunday evening, at half past eight o’clock. A general meeting of the shareholders of the Co-operative Store will be hold at five o’clock on Sunday next.

ISLINGTON. — The meetings at the Flora, Barnsbury Park, will in future be on Sunday evening. A lecture will be given on Sunday next, at seven o’clock. Voted, on Monday evening, that 1s. 6d. be paid to the Metropolitan Delegates ; also, 8s. to the Defence Fund.

P. M. Brophy will lecture this day, (Saturday) at Lumley ; on Monday the 21th, Shinty Row; Tuesday, Newbattle ; Wednesday, West Ruinton; Thursday, Bellmont; and Friday, New Durham.	

OXHILL. — A meeting of the miners in this locality will be held at the above place, on Saturday the 29th instant, Messrs. Fimmelton, J. Brophy, and others will attend.	

OLDHAM. — On Sunday, (to-morrow,) Mr, John Grosvenor will deliver a funeral oration in the Chartist room, on the death of our lamented friend and brother Chartist, Mr. Thomas Leslie, to commence at six o’clock in the evening. Also, on Tuesday next, at eight o’clock in the evening, Mr. Samuel Yardley will deliver an address in the above room to the female Chartists of Oldham.

KEIGHLEY. — The next delegate meeting of this district will be holden in the Working Man’s Hall, Sun-street, Keighley, on Sunday, April 3Oth, at ten o’clock in the forenoon. Delegates or friends are requested to attend from all places in the district, as -it is high time to arouse and take stops for the better organization of the district, Let us not be weary in well doing.

STOCKPORT. — Mr. D. Ross will deliver two lectures here on Sunday (to-morrow) one at two o’clock, and the other at six in the evening.

HULL. — Mr. West will preach two sermons on Sunday next, in the afternoon, at half past two o’clock, and in the evening at six.	

HOLMFIRTH. — Mr. H. Marsden will deliver a lecture in the Wortley Hill School, on Sunday the 30th inst., on the workings of the New Poor Law, and the means of removing the evils it has inflicted upon society.

A Delegate Meeting will take place at Mr. Geo. Mickle’s, King-street, Blackburn, on Sunday, at one o’clock in the afternoon, when delegates from every locality in North Lancashire, are particularly requested to attend.

On Wednesday evening, Mr. Wm. Dixon will deliver a lecture to the Chartist painters, in their room, Watson-street, Peter-street,at eight o’clock in the evening.

STALYBRIDGE. — A meeting will take place on Sunday next, at half past six o’clock, in the Chartist room of this locality, when a discussion will take place on the responsibility of the members. - The members of this locality take this opportunity of informing their friends in the country that they are about forming a political library for the benefit of the Association. They are in possession of thirty good volumes at present, and any friend who is wishful to aid and assist them in this undertaking will greatly oblige the committee by sending them a volume of any description ; it will be kindly acknowledged at the following places : Mr. John Charlesworth, Secretary, Princess-street; Mr. John Woodcock, Cross Leech-street; Mr. Wm. Hornby, Spring-street, Staleybridge.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — Mr. Pontefract, of Saddleworth, will lecture in the Chartist Room, next Sunday evening, at six o’clock.
