SALFORD. - Mr. Bell will lecture on Sunday even¬ing next.

SUNDERLAND. — On Sunday afternoon, at half-past two, Mr. Williams will lecture at the Life-boat House, Sunderland, and Mr. Binns, in the Co-ope¬rative Hall, in the evening at half-past six o’clock.

WORCESTER. — Mr. W. Dear, tailor, will lecture at Worcester, on Monday next, and following days, through the week. He will also preach there on Sunday next.

LOUGHBOROUGH. — Mr. Cooper, the Editor of the Illuminator, is to address the friends of freedom, at the Charter Hotel Room, at half-past seven o’clock, on Tuesday evening, the 27th.
The General Council will meet on the 25th, at the Association Room, at six o’clock, when the attendance of all is requested.

ST. PANCRAS. — On Sunday evening next, at eight- o’clock, H, B. Marley will close the discussion on the Corn Laws, and reply to those individuals who have taken part in the discussion, at the Goat in Boots, Brook-street, New Road.

MACCLESFIELD. — A public meeting of the sub¬scribers to, and readers of, the Northern Starr will be held in the Large Room of the Association, Watercotes, on Monday, the 26th instant, at eight o’clock, on business connected with the Petition Convention, when all are Requested to attend.—On Sunday evening next, a lecture will be delivered by Mr- Joseph Hibbert, in the above room.

CONGLETON. — A delegate meeting will be held in Congleton on Sunday next. Delegates from all towns in Cheshire and the Potteries will be expected attend.

LEICESTER. – The “ Chartist Discussion Section” meets to night. Mr. Cooper will preach at Wigston, in the open air, on Sunday morning, if the weather permit; and in the room at All Saints’ Open, at night. The general meeting will be held on Mon¬day night. The “ Chartist Teetotal Section” meets on Tuesday night; and the “ Chartist Musical Sec¬tion” on Wednesday night.

LOUGHBOROUGH. — Mr. Cooper will address the friends of Chartism and Teetotalism, in Mr. Skevington’s Rooms, on Tuesday evening, April 27th, Chair to be taken at half-past seven o'clock,
Mr. Wm. Martin, late prisoner in Northallerton House of Correction, will attend at Freeman-street, Birmingham, on Monday evening next, when he is pre¬pared to meet either Messrs. Collins or O’Neil, on the subject of Christian Chartism, and prove that it is cal¬culated to injure the cause of liberty.
