LONDON. — Mr. Brown will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Political and Scientific Institution, 1, Turnagain-lane, and give an account of his country tour.

Mr. Fussell will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Flora Tavern, Barnsbury Park.

A Concert will be held on Monday evening, May 8th, at the Political and Scientific Institute, 1, Turnagain-lane, for the benefit of the Victim Fund; tickets 6d. each.

An Adjourned Meeting of the General Council of the National Charter Association resident in London, will be held on Sunday afternoon, at three o’clock, at the Political Institute, No. l, Turnagain-lane.

A Public Meeting of the Shareholders of the City of London Political Institution, will be held on Monday evening, at the Hall, 1, Turnagain-lane, to elect a Secretary to the Institution, and decide upon the double return for directors.

Mr. Muntz will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Mechanic’s Institution, Circus-street, Marylebone.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. George White, from Birmingham, will lecture on Sunday evening next, at the Mechanic’s Institution, Circus-street, at half-past seven o’clock.

A Meeting of the members of the Marylebone Locality, will be held on Wednesday evening next, ts discuss Mr. O’Connor’s plan of organisation, when it is expected that every member will be present.

PADDINGTON. — This locality gets on well; there are new members joining every week. It is requested that all the members will attend on next Monday night, as the new plan of organization will be discussed, and other business of importance will be brought forward.

The Chartists of Bloomsbury are requested to meet on Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock, at Mr, Kithen’e, Colonade, Brunswick-square.

TOWER HAMLETS. — A lecture will be given on Sunday evening next, at the Chartist Hall, 29 1/2 Mile End-road.

Mr. Frazer will deliver a lecture on the superior benefits of Co-operation, on Sunday evening next, at the Chartist Hall, 29 1/2, Mile End-road.

A Public Meeting will be held at the large lecture room (late the Royal Union Saloon), 153, High-street, Shoreditch, at which several talented friends from the country, advocates of our great cause, will attend and address the meeting. The general council, of the hamlet, will meet at the Working Men’s Hall, Mile End-road, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock precisely, on business of the very greatest importance.

Mr. R. G. Gamhage will lecture at the following places during next week : - Derby, Sunday ; Nottingham, Monday ; Arnold, Tuesday ; Mansfield, Wednesday, Sutton-in-Ashfield, Thursday.

DERBY. — A Delegate Meeting will be held at Mr. Samuel Pendal’s, Hope-street, on Sunday, May 7th, at one o’clock, for the purpose of balancing the accounts connected with Mr. West’s defence, and likewise to make enquiry into the state of Chartism throughout the country, and to consider the line of agitation it will be necessary to adopt. Delegates will be expected from Helper, Heanor, Ilkstone, Burton, Swadlincote, Greatly, and all other places that can make it convenient to send them.

MACCLESFIELD. — Mr. Thomas Clark, from Stockport, will deliver two lectures on Sunday and Monday evenings, to commence on Sunday, at half-past six o’clock, and Monday, at half-past seven o’clock in the evening.

SELSTON. — Mr. Pepper will preach on Hollin Hill, Selston, at half-past five o’clock on Sunday evening.

HOLMFIRTH. — Mr. Joshua Hobson, publisher of the Northern Star, will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Room, New Road Side, on Monday, at seven o’clock in the evening.

HEBDEN BRIDGE. — Two sermons will be preached in the Democratic Chapel, Hebden bridge Lanes, on Sunday (to-morrow), by Mr. G. Brearley, from Queenshead, near Bradford. Service to commence at two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six in the evening.

HALIFAX. — Mr. B. Rushton, of Ovenden, will preach two sermons in the Chartist Association Room, Swan Coppice, on Sunday, (to-morrow), at half-past six in the evening. Collections will be made for the support of the cause.

UPPER WARLEY. — Mr. Hanson, of Elland, will lecture at this place, on Sunday, May 7th, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

BIRMINGHAM. — The committee for conducting Mr. G. White’s defence will meet next Sunday, at the Aston-street Room, at four o’clock, when all the collectors are requested to bring in their books, to have them audited, and to bring forth a balance sheet.

The Monthly Conference of the Chartists of Birmingham will be held at the Association Room, Aston-street, on Monday, at seven o’clock in the evening.

The first meeting of the General Council ofthe Birmingham and Midland Counties Charter Association will take place on Sunday, at the New Inn, Bromsgrove-street, when all those elected are expected to attend.

Tailors. — A public meeting of the above body will be held in the large room of the Royal Oak, Little Charles-street, on Monday evening next, for the purpose of enrolling themselves as members of the National Charter Association, when every individual favourable to the principles contained in the People’s Charter are requested to attend. The chair to be taken precisely at eight o’clock.

MANCHESTER. — Carpenters’ Hall. —On Sunday (to-morrow) two lectures will be delivered in the above hall by Mr. Christopher Doyle, at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon, and at half-past six in the evening. Mr. Doyle will deliver his farewell address to the Chartists of Manchester, previous to his going to London to receive judgment in the Court of Queen’s Bench on Thursday next.

THE SOUTH LANCASHIRE DELEGATE MEETING. — This meeting will be held in the Brown-street Room, on Sunday (to-morrow.) The lecturers on the plan are expected to meet the delegates at ten o’clock ia the forenoon. These localities that stand indebted to the South Lancashire Lecturers’ Fund, are to send their respective accounts to the delegate meeting as it is desirable to get out a lecturer in the county as soon as possible. Those places that intend to be put on the next plan must give notice of the same on Sunday next. Also the number of plans wanted by each locality, in order that the delegates may know what number of plans they must get printed.

SHEFFIELD. — Fig Tree-lane. —On Sunday evening, Mr. Harney will deliver an address on the death of the Duke of Sussex.
