STALYBRIDGE. — Mr. J. Crowther of Lower-Moor, near Oldham, will deliver a lecture in the National Charter Association room, on Sunday evening, the 24th, at six o’clock.

BIRMINGHAM. — A collection will take place at the Aston-street rooms, on Sunday and Monday evenings, for the Convention Fund.

HANLEY. — Mr. Candy’s route as follows: —At Wolverhampton, on Monday the 25th; Stourbridge, on Tuesday; Kidderminster, on Wednesday; Broihs-grove,on Thursday; Worcester, on Friday; and at Redditoh on Saturday and Sunday, the 30th, and May 1st.

Delegate Meeting. — A meeting of delegates from the various districts in the West Riding, will be held at the house of Mr. Carrodus, the North Tavern, Bradford, on Sunday, the 1st of May, at ten o’clock in the forenoon. It is particularly requested that each district will appoint a delegate.

DERBY. — Mr. P. M. Brophy’s route for the ensuing week: — At Swadlincote on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock ; Burton-on-Trent, Sunday, at six in the evening; Tutbury, on Monday, at seven o’clock; Yoxhall, on Tuesday; Derby, on Wednesday, in the Association rooms, Willow-row, at seven o’clock; and at Belper, on Thursday.

MANCHESTER. — Messrs. Boss, Dixon, and Smethurst, will lecture at the Carpenters’ Hall, on Sunday afternoon and evening; after which letters will be read from Mr. J. Leach member of the Convention.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Edward Clark of Manchester, will lecture next Sunday (to-morrow), in the Association room, to commence at half past two o’clock, and six in the evening.

Mr. Bell’s Route. — Mr. Bell will lecture at Halifax, on Monday the 25th inst.; Ovenden, Tuesday; Mixenden, Wednesday; Luddenden, Thursday; Lower Wortley, Friday; Ripponden, Saturday; and at Sowerby, on Sunday, the first day of May.

LONDON. — A grand gala and ball will take place at the Royal Albert Saloon, Shepherdess Walk, City Road, on Thursday, the 12th May, for the benefit of Mr. Lunt, an old stager in the cause of democracy. The whole to conclude with a splendid drama.— Tickets 9d.; reserved seats, 1s.; ball room, 1s.

CASTLE-STREET, LEICESTER-SQUARE. — Mr. Beesley, delegate from Lancashire, will lecture at the Clockhouse, on Sunday next.

NEW ROAD. — Shoemakers. —Mr. Woodward, the delegate from Brighton, will lecture at the King and Queen, Foley-street, Cleveland-street, on Sunday evening next.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Leach, president of the Executive, will lecture at the Working Men’s Hall, No. 5, Circus-street, New-road, on Sunday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock.

VICTORIA THEATRE. — A benefit for the Convention will take place, this evening, Saturday.

DOCK HEAD. — A raffle, consisting of three portraits, numely, Frost, O’Connor, and Emmett, will take place, for the benefit of the Convention Fund, at St, John’s Coffee House, on Wednesday evening next, at eight o’clock. Tickets, 3d. each, can be had of Mr. Jeanes, hair dresser, Snowsfields.

55, OLD BAILEY. — Mr. Powell, delegate to the Convention, will lecture here on Sunday evening. Mr. Doyle, delegate to the Convention for Cheshire, will lecture here on Tuesday next.

ROTHERHITHE. — A Citizen of London will address the men of Rotherhithe—subject— " The Repeal of the Union, and the means to obtain it” —on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock, at Bailey’s Temperance Coffee House, Church Passage, near Rotherhithe Church, Public discussions take place here every Wednesday evening.

Eastern Division, Bootmakers. — On Sunday evening next, a lecture will be delivered at the Star Coffee House, Golden Lane, by Mr. Christopher Boyle, at half-past seven o’clock.

BERMONDSEY. — A special meeting of the Bermondsey locality will be held on Monday evening next, at the Horns Tavern, Crucifix-lane, at half-past seven o’clock precisely, to elect a new Treasurer, in the room of Charles Jeanes, who has resigned.

LAMBETH. — A lecture will be delivered on Sunday next, at seven o’clock in the evening, at 1, China Walk, which will be continued weekly; also a lecture on Tuesday evening, at eight o'clock.

An East and North Riding Delegate Meeting will be held at the Temperance Hotel, Selby, on Sunday, the 1st of May, when it is hoped a goodly number of delegates will be present.

Mutual Instruction Society. — A lecture will be delivered at the rooms of this society, the Magnet Coffee House, Bury-lane, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock, by Mr. Wall. Subject—” Oratory.”

WALWORTH. — Mr. Balls will lecture at the Ship and Blue Coat Boy, on Monday evening, the 2nd of May.

SHOREDITCH. — On Sunday next, two sermons will be preached by Mr. George Harrison, delegate from Nottingham, to the Working Men’s Convention, that in the morning at ten o’clock, in Shepherd and Shepherdesses’ Fields; and that in the afternoon at three, in Weymouth Terrace, Hackney-road.

A public meeting will be held on Tuesday evening, at six o’clock, at the Crown and Anchor, Strand.

A general meeting of the members of the Hatters National Charter Association will be held on Wednesday next, at eight o’clock, when business of importance will be laid before them.

Delegates are requested to be sent to the Albion Coffee-house, Church-street, Shoreditch, on Wednesday evening next, at nice o’clock, to take into consideration the best means of carrying out the forthcoming petition demonstration in the Hamlets.

OLD-STREET ROAD. — Mr. Clarke will lecture on Sunday next, at the Cannon Coffee-house; subject —" Trades unions and their connection with politics.”

DUKINFIELD. — Mr. William Aitken will deliver a lecture in the Association Room, Hall Green, Dukinfield, on Sunday (to-morrow), at six o’clock in the evening.

OLDHAM. — Mr. John Bailey will lecture here on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.

WATERHEAD MILL. — Mr. John Bailey will lecture at this place on Sunday next, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

HOLLINGWORTH. — Mr. R. Wild, of Lower Burn, will lecture hero on Sunday next, April 24th, at half past two o’clock in the afternoon, in aid of the Convention.

GLOSSOP. — Mr. R. Wild will lecture here on Sunday evening, at six o’clock.

The South Lancashire Delegate Meeting will be held on Sunday (to-morrow) week, in the Brown-street, Chartist room, Bast Manchester.

DEWSBURY. — Mr. West will deliver a lecture on Sunday, April 24th, in the large room, over the Cooperative Stores, at six o’clock in the evening. He will also deliver a lecture at the Market Cross, on Wednesday, April 27th, at half-past seven o’clock in the evening.

LANE-END. — Mr. Swinglehurst will lecture, if convenient, at Lane-end, on Sunday the 1st, at two o’clock in the afternoon; Handley in the evening; Macclesfield on Monday evening; Hazel-Grove on Tuesday; Bolton on Wednesday; Chorley on Thursday, and will be in Preston, at home, on Friday.

SHEFFIELD, FIG-TREE LANE. — Mr. Samuel Parkes will preach a funeral sermon for Henry Frost, son of the exiled patriot John Frost, on Sunday .evening. Service to commence at seven o’clock.

A Public Meeting will be held in the above room on Monday evening, at eight o’clock.

LONG WHATTON. — Mr. Pepper of Normantoa, will lecture here on Sunday, May 1st, in the forenoon and afternoon.	

WARRINGTON. — Public Discussion.—On Sunday next, a discussion will take place in the Chartist Room, Bank-street, at half-past six o clock in the evening, when all parties in politics are earnestly invited to attend. Subject—“ Is war necessary ?" Mr. Thomas Lowe opens the discussion.

HOLLINWOOD. — Mr. Thomas Storor, of Ashton, lectures here on Sunday next, at six o' clock in the evening.

DEWSBURY. — A District Council meeting will be held in the Room over the Co-operative Store, on Sunday next.

Mr. Taylor's Routs for the ensuing Week :— At Nottingham Forest, on the afternoon of Sunday next, and at the Chapel, Rice Place, in the evening; on Monday, at Hucknall Torkard; on Tuesday, at Old Basford ; on Wednesday, at Lambley; and on Saturday evening, at Ruddington.

DERBYSHIRE. — Mr. Dean Taylor will lecture at the following places, at seven o’clock each evening: — At Belper, in the Market Place, on Monday, April 25th ; at Duffield, on Tuesday, the 26th ; at Heanor, on Wednesday, the 27th; at Swanwich, on Thursday, the 28th ; at Matlock Bridge, on Friday, the 29th; and he will preach in Belper Market Place, at five o’clock on Sunday evening, May 1st. A collection will be made at the close of each lecture to aid the funds.

MACCLESFIELD. — A delegate meeting will take place in the Association Rooms, Watercotes, on Sunday, the 1st of May. The County Secretary must at the same time inform the different Associations that a county lecturer cannot be engaged until the next delegate meeting, as the whole of the Convention and Lecturers’ Fund is not brought up.
