MANNINGHAM AND BRADFORD MOOR. — Mr. Arran will preach at Manningham on Sunday afternoon next, May 2nd, at two o’clock ; and lecture at six o’clock in the evening, at Bradford Moor.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Campbell will lecture next Sunday in Rochdale : so if the Milnrow and Rochdale Chartists can arrange it so, he will lecture at one place at two or hall-past two o’clock, and at the other in the evening.

SALFORD. — Mr. Doyle-will lecture in Salford on next Sunday evening.	

HUDDERSFIELD. — A public discussion is to take place in the Hall of Science, Bath Buildings, on Monday and Wednesday evenings next, at eight o’clock, between the Socialists and Chartists. A great deal of interest is taken in the subject, as a misunderstanding has existed between the parties some time. Committees have been appointed on both sides, and the arrangements entered into. A spirit of inquiry appears to be the cause of this discussion; and no doubt the best arrangements will be brought to bear upon the occasion. The question to be discussed is, “Is the Social system practicable without the Charter ?”

SUNDERLAND. — Mr. Binns will lecture at the Life Boat House on Sunday afternoon, at half-past two o'clock.

DURHAM. — Mr. Williams will address the Chartists of this place on Monday evening.
TOWER HAMLETS. —Mr. Wall will lecture on Sunday next, the 2nd of May, on the Paper Currency. Lecture to begin at seven o’clock.

MOTTRAM. — The Council beg leave to state that their room is open every Thursday night, from eight till ten o’clock ; and on Sundays, from two till five o’clock ; for the transaction of business and the enrolment of members.

BIRMINGHAM. — Dr. M’Douall has arrived in Birmingham, and issued large bills announcing his intention to deliver two lectures at the Hall of Science, Lawrence-street. The first lecture to take place on Friday evening, at half-past seven o’clock ; the second on Sunday afternoon, at half-past one o’clock. The lectures are expected to be well attended, as the worthy Doctor is much respected here.
Mr. West will lecture on Sunday evening next, on the “ wrongs of Ireland, and the rights she is entitled to.”

LAMBETH. — A meeting of the subscribers to the meeting-place, Lambeth, will be held, on business of importance, on Tuesday evening next and all members, likewise, are requested to attend.

LEICESTER. — The Discussion, Musical, and Teetotal Sections will meet, during the ensuing week, on the nights agreed on. The general meeting, as usual, on Monday night next. Mr. Cooper will preach at Wigston, in the open air, if the weather permits, to-morrow (Sunday) morning, and in the room at All Saints’ Open, at night.

HALIFAX. — A discussion will take place in the Odd Fellows’ Hall, Halifax, on the question of a Repeal of the Corn Laws, on Saturday and Monday, the 8th and 10th of May. The chair to be taken precisely at six o’clock in the evening on Saturday, and eight o’clock in the evening on Monday. Mr. Leech, from Manchester, will attend.

MERTHYR TYDVIL (Glamorganshire). — A discussion will take place at the Working Men’s Association Room, on Sunday evening, May 2nd. The question to be discussed— “ Is it the duty of every person to join the National Charter Association of Great Britain ?”

SALFORD. — The discussion on Capital and Labour was adjourned from last Monday evening until next Monday evening at eight o’clock, when a most useful and interesting lecture will take place. It is to be hoped that all our members will attend on this important question.

GATESHEAD. — The Chartists of Gateshead have taken a room in the yard opposite the Flying Horse, Oakwell-gate, and intend to open it to-morrow. A meeting of the members will be held in the above room in the morning, at ten o’clock.

STALYBRIDGE. — A public meeting of the Chartists will be held in the King-street Chapel, on Monday next, to petition on behalf of the incarcerated victims.
