LONDON. — Mr. Geo. White will lecture on Sunday evening, at 29 1/2, Mile End Road. 

Mr. Frazer will lecture, on Monday evening, at the Working-men’s Hall, on the "Social Rights of Woman."	

Mr. Fussell will lecture, on Sunday evening at the Flora Tavern, Barnsbury Park, on the "Abuses of the Clergy ; " to commence at six o'clock. The members are requested 
to attend and discuss the Plan of Organization.	

Mr. Martin will lecture on Sunday evening at the Political and Scientific Instituion, 1, Turnagin Lane.

A concert for the benefit of the Political Victims will take place on Monday evening, at the Political and Scientific Institution, 1, Turnagain-lane.

A Concert will take place on Tuesday evening, at the Feathers Tavern, Warren-street, for the benefit of Dr. M'Douall.

THE female Chartists of the City of London meet on Wednesday next, at eight o'clock in the evening in the Hall of the Political and Scientific Institution Turnagain lane. It is requested that all Secretaries of female Chartists throughout the country who ihave not pevioualy communicated will send their address to Susannah Inge, 23, Great Warner-street, Clerkenwell, London.

DERBY. — Mr. R. G. Gammage, of Northampton, will deliver two addresses on Sunday (to-morrow), in the Market-place, at ten.'o’clock in the morning, and at six in the evening.	

A Delegate Meeting will be held at Mr. Samuel Pendal's, Derby, on Sunday (to-morrow), to balance the accounts connected with Mr. West's defence, and likewise to make inquiry into the state of Chartism throughout the county, when delegates will be expected from Belper, Ilkestone, Heanor, Burton, Swadlincote, Greatley, and all other places that can make it convenient to send them.

Mr. Brown previous to his journey to Scotland intends visiting and holding open air meetings at Hull, York, Leeds. Dewsbury, Huddersfield, Bradford, Halifax, Hebden Bridge, Todmorden, Manchester, and Liverpool. Mr. B. will be happy to hear without delay from the sub-Secretaries of the above Localities, at Mr. Wheeler's, 243 Temple Bar, London.

BRADFORD. — On Sunday evening a lecture will be delivered in the large room, Butter worth’s-buildings. After the lecture a discussion will be held on the best means of securing the land to the working classes.

On Monday evening a lecture will be delivered in the school room, Park-place, at eight o’clock. Subject—the evils of class legislation.

On Sunday morning the Chartists of Bowling Back-lane will meet in their room at ten o’clock.

NOTTINGHAM. — The members of the Female Charter Association will in future meet at the Democratic Chapel, Rice-place, Barker-gate, every Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock.

Mr. H.Dormon will preach on Nottingham Forest on Sunday next, at half-past two o’clock.

Mr. James Simmons will lecture on Bulwell Forest, at half past two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six in the evening, on Sunday.

The Northern Star will be read every Monday evening, at eight o'clock, during the summer, in the Market Place, when the weather will permit.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday (to-morrow) Mr. William Booth, will lecture in the Chartist room at six o’clock in the evening.

Two Lectures will be delivered in the above room, by Mr. William Bell, of Heywood—to commence each evening at eight o’clock. Admission by tickets, one penny to each lecture. The proceeds, after defraying expences, to go to the funds for the erection of the Oldham Working Man’s Hall.

SKEKBY. — A meeting will be held next Sunday evening, at Stoneyford-lane, at six o’clock, when business of importance will be brought forward.

LITTLETOWN IN LIVERSEDGE. — Two sermons will be preached at this place on Sunday next, by Mr. Luke Bradley, of Lockwood. Collections will be made towards liquidating the exponces of the Room.

LEEDS DISTRICT. — A general council meeting of this district will be held in the association room, Wood-house, near the Black Bull Inn, on Sunday, the 7th Instant, at half-past one o'clock, pm, to take into consideration a more efficient plan of providing the district with talented lecturers. Other business of great importance will be brought before the meeting, which renders it necessary that as many of the general council should attend as can make it convenient, from Leeds, Holbeck, Hunslet, Wortley, Armley, Woodhouse, Morley, Churwell, and any other locality that may think proper to join the district

A Lecture will be delivered to-morrow evening, at six o’clock, in the Chartist Room, Cheapside.

HOLBECK. — A general meeting of the members of this locality will be holden in the association room, on Tuesday evening next, at half-past seven o'clock. It is the particular desire of the council that every member be at his post, as business of vital importance will be laid before the meeting.

HOLBECK. — A lecture will be delivered In the association room, on Sunday evening at half-past six o’clock, on the rationality of Chartism, by Mr. Joseph Best and Mr. James Whiteley, both working men of the same place.

ROCHDALE. — A friend from Scotland will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Room, Yorkshire-street, on Sunday next, (to-morrow,) in the afternoon, at half past two. Mr. William Bell, from Heywood, will deliver a lecture in the above place, in the evening, to commence at six o’olook.

BLACKBURN. - Mr. Ross, from Manchester, will deliver a course of lectures in the Music Hall, Blackburn, on the 14th, 15th, 16th, and 17th instant.

Mr. David Ross, from Manchester, will leoture at the following places in North Lancashire, viz : Accrington, on Thursday, the 11th instant; Sabden, on Friday, the 12th ; Clithero, on Saturday, the 13th; Bacup, on Thursday, the 18th; Burnley, Friday, the 19th ; Blackburn, Saturday, the 20th ; Chorley, on Sunday, the 21st instant.

Mr. Beesley’s Route for the ensuing week : - On Sunday next, at the Chartist Hall, Goat Inn, Newcastle, at seven o’clock in the evening ; on Monday, at Sunderland ; on Tuesday, at South Shields ; on Wednesday, at Blaydon ; on Thursday, at Hexham ; on Saturday, at Shotley Bridge,

SHEFFIELD. — Fig-Tree-Lane. —On Sunday evening next, Mr. Edwin Gill will deliver a lecture on the " Life of Muir, the Scottish Patriot,” at half-past seven o’clock.

On Monday evening, a public meeting will be held, to commence at half-past seven o’clock, to consider the proceedings in the Court of Queen’s Bench, when letters from Mr. Harney will be read.

DEWSBURY. — A District Council Meeting will be held in the large room over the Co-operative Stores, on Sunday, the 13th instant, at two o’olook in the afternoon, to take into immediate consideration Mr. Feargus O’Connor’s Plan of Organization. The support committee of Messrs. Clissett and Sheldrake will meet on Sunday, to morrow, at the above place, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

MOTTRAM. — A Concert and Ball will take plaoe at Mr. Joseph Russell’s, Star Inn, on Saturday next, for the benefit of Mrs. Wilde, Mrs. Fairhurst, and Mrs. Shepley, whose husbands are now suffering in Knutsford Gaol. Admission, gentlemen, 6d., ladies, 4d. each. To commence at half-past seven o’clock.

HALIFAX. - On Sunday (to-morrow) evening Mr. Mirrow will preach in the Large Room, Swan Coppice, to commence at six o’clock.

On Monday evening there will be a meeting of the members, in the above room. A full attendance is requested, as there has been another place of meeting engaged instead of the one in Swan Coppice.

TODMORDEN. — Mr. W. Dixon, of Manchester, will deliver two lectures in the Oddfellows’ Hall, Todmorden, on Sunday, the 14th instant, one at half past two, and the other at half-past six,

BIRMINGHAM. — The committee for conducting Mr. G. White’s defenoe, are requested to meet at the Chartist Room, Aston-street, at ten o’clock on Sunday morning, to devise some plan for the support of Mr. White, if he should be unfortunate. The collectors are requested to bring in their books that a balance sheet may be published.

The general council of the Birmingham Charter Association, will meet on Sunday next, at three o'clock, in the Aston-street Room.

CARPENTERS' HALL. - (to-morrow) in the afternoon, at half-past two, and in the evening at half-past six, by Mr. Wm. Dixon.

CARPENTERS' HALL. - Mr. D. Ross will deliver his third lecture upon elocution, in the above hall, on Monday evening, at eight o'clock. Admission - platform 3d ; gallery 2d. ; body 1d. The proceeds to go towards building a Chartist hall in Manchester.

BOLTON. - Mr. D. Ross, of Manchester, will deliver two lectures to the Chartists, Bolton, on Sunday, (to-morrrow), at two o'clock in the afternoon and at six in the evening.

HOLLINWOOD. - A lecture will be delivered in the Association Room, on Sunday next, by Mr. Edward Clark of Manchester, at six o'clock in the evening. Admission free. 
