OLDHAM. — Mr. Butterworth will lecture in Greave-street room, on Sunday next, in the afternoon and at night.

CLAYTON. — Mr. Arran will lecture at Clayton on Monday evening, May the 10th, at half-past seven o’clock.

LEEDS. — At a meeting of the Chartist Association Committee, held on Tuesday evening last, it was unanimously resolved, “ That a tea should be provided for the Chartists and their friends, on Whit Monday, in the Association-room, Fish Market; the proceeds of which to be given to Mr. O’Brien’s Fund. Tickets 1s. each, may be had at Mr. Illingworth’s, Vicar-lane.

SUNDERLAND. — Mr. Binns will lecture at the Life-Boat House, in the afternoon, on Sunday, at half past two, and half-past six in the evening. A meeting upon important business connected with Chartism in Sunderland, will be held in the Co-operative Hall.

BURY. — Mr. Butterworth, of Manchester, will lecture in Bury, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock, H is hoped the good Chartists of Bury will make a strong muster to hear that indefatigable patriot and real advocate of the rights of labour.

TROWBRIDGE. — Mr. Vincent will preach at the Democratic Chapel on Sunday, and deliver lectures in the following week, and he will also lecture in every town and village in Wiltshire, where there can be rooms provided for him.

BIRMINGHAM. — Mr. Isaac Barrow will, on Sunday evening next, deliver a lecture to the Chartists, at their room in Oxford-street.

DERBY. — Mr. Bairstow’s route for the ensuing week will be: in Derby Market-place, on Monday, at Seven o’clock in the evening ; Heanor, on Tuesday ; Ilkeston, on Wednesday ; Sandiacre, on Thursday ; Ock-brook, on Friday; and in Derby Market-place again on Tuesday evening, at six o’clock.

LEICESTER. — To-night (Saturday,) and Monday and Tuesday nights, will be meetings of a general character, relative to election matters. The "Musical section” to meet on Wednesday night. Mr. Cooper will preach on Sunday (to-morrow) night, at half-past six, and a collection will be afterwards made, for Mrs. Frost. In the forenoon of the same day, Mr. Cooper will preach at Belgrave at nine, and at Thurmaston at eleven.

DURHAM. — Mr Williams lectures here on the 17th instant.

NEWPORT, WALES. — Mr. Black will preach a sermon here on Sunday evening, at six o’clock, for the benefit of Mrs. Morgan, of Tredegar, whose husband was shot at Newport.

HUDDERSFIELD. — Mr. James Leech will lecture in the Guildhall of this place on Sunday evening next, at half-past six— A meeting will be held on Tuesday evening next, in the Association Room, Upperhead-row, to elect the executive.

LONDON. — Chartists of London ! do your duty, by attending the Repeal meeting on Sunday evening, May 9th, at seven o’clock, at Mr. Roche’s, Red Lion, Maze, Tooley-street. Shew your Irish brethren you are their real friends, not their enemies, as Mr, O’Connell wishes them to believe. By so doing, you will please a Chartist of twenty years’ standing.
