Mr. O’Connor will address the people of Barnsley on this night (Saturday), at eight o’clock. On Monday night, he will address tho people of Manchester. On Tuesday, he will dine with the Chartists of Birmingham. On Wednesday, he will be in Leicester. On Thursday, in Derby. On Friday, at Belper ; and Saturday, in the Potteries, On Monday, the 23d, Mr. O’Connor will be at Huddersfield, and will in next week’s Star announce his Yorkshire tour. It will be seen that Mr. O’Connor has been unavoidably detained in town for the past week, which he did intend to spend in Yorkshire ; and that a prior engagement compels him to be in Birmingham on Tuesday; he has, therefore, adopted the prudent course of discharging his obligations to the surrounding towns during that week, All meetings where Mr. O’Connor is to speak must be in-door, and the proceeds to go to the fund for procuring delegates to the contemplated Conference.

DARLASTON. — A delegate meeting will be held at the Seven Stars public house, Darlaston, on Sunday next, when delegates from the following places are earnestly requested to attend Walsall, Wednesbury, Dudley, Sodom, Wolverhampton, Bilston, and all other places in the district.

BRADFORD COUNCIL ROOM. — Messrs. Hodgson, Ainley, and Burrows will lecture on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.

IDLE. — Messrs. Dewhirst and Edwards will lecture here on Whit-Monday evening, at eight o’clock.

SHIPLEY. — Messrs. Arran and Feather will lecture at Shipley on Monday evening, at eight o'clock.

LITTLE HORTON. — Mr. Smyth will lecture in the Association Room, on Sunday evening next.

CRAGG VALE. - The friends here have a tea and meeting on Monday at the Robin Hood.

SUTTON-IN-ASHFIELD. — The amateurs of Sutton-in-Ashfield perform the play of William Tell, on Tuesday evening, for the benefit of James Holberry.

SHEFFIELD POLITICAL MEETING. — On Sunday evening, Mr. Elder Page will preach in the Political Institute. Service to commence at seven o’clock.

On Whit-Monday and Tuesday there will be a grand ball, for the benefit of the above place. Dancing to commence each evening at seven o’clock.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday next, Mr. William Dixon, late of Wigan, will leoture in the Greaves-street Room, at six o'clock in the evening, and at Watershead Mill, at two o’clock in the afternoon of the same day.

NEW MILLS. — On Whit-Monday, a public meeting will be held in Cavendish-square, when Mr. Doyle, and Mr. Leach, of Hyde, wiil attend, and address the people. The men of Compstallbridge, Mill Brow, Mellor, Marple, Disley, Whaley, &c. are invited to attend.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. David Ross, of Manchester, will leoture on Sunday (to-morrow), at half-past two, and six in the evening.

BAGSLATE COMMON. — The meeting which took place on Sunday last, on Rooley Moor, near Know Hill was adjourned until next Sunday (to-morrow), when the people will meet on Bagslate Common, near Rochdale. Mr. Bell, of Heywood, and other speakers are expected to attend.

ASHTON. - Mr. Dunnivan, of Manchester, will lecture in the National Charter Association Room on Sunday (to-morrow evening), at six o’clock.

NOTTINGHAM. — A Chartist tea-party will assemble at Sneinton Ville Tea Gardens on Whit-Tuesday next. Tickets, 9d. each, to be had of Mr. J. Sweet, Goose Gate, and of Mr. T. Hawson, at the Chapel, on Sunday evening. As only a limited number of tickets will be issued, immediate application will be necessary.

Mr. P. M. Brophy will preach on Bulwell Forest, on Sunday afternoon, at half-past two o’clock, and in the evening at six; and will lecture at Arnold on Monday and Tuesday, at Hucknall Torkard on Wednesday, and at Lambley on Thursday, in the evenings.

MIDDLETON. — On Sunday evening next, a lecture will be delivered in the Chartist Chapel.

STALYBRIDGE. — Mr. John Durham leotures here to-morrow, at six in the evening.

BIRMINGHAM. — A public dinner will be held at the Black Horse inn, Prospect Row, Birmingham, on Tuesday, May 17th, in honour of Feargus O’Connor, Esq. Mr, O’Connor will attend on the ocoasion.

REDDITCH. — Mr. White will address the men of Redditch on Whit-Monday.

LONDON. — Mr. Mantz will preach at the room, Abbey-street, Bethnal Green, on Sunday morning next, at eleven o’clock.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. E. Stallwood will lecture at Circus-street, on Sunday evening next.

NEW ROAD. — Mr. Martin will leoture at the Archery Rooms, on Sunday next.

LIMEHOUSE. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture at the Victoria, 3, Colt-street, on Wednesday next.

TOWER HAMLETS. — Next Sunday evening, Mr. Ruffy Ridley will lecture at the Queen’s Head, Dog Row. It is intended, at the close of his lecture, to form another locality at this house.

GOLDEN LANE. — On Sunday evening next, a lecture will be delivered in the Northern Star Coffee House, at half-past seven o’clook. Members are earnestly requested to attend, as business of importance will be laid before them.

SHOREDITCH. — A members' meeting will be held at Mr. Martin’s Teetotal Coffee House, 3, Church-street, Shoreditch, on Wednesday evening next.

GLOBE FIELDS. — A public meeting will be held at the Hit-or-Miss, 79, West-street, Devonshire-streat, on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock, to elect a delegate to the Middlesex County Council, from this locality.

LEICESTER-SQUARE. — Dr. M’Douall will lecture at the Clock House, on Sunday evening.

A Ball and Concert in aid of the funds of the West End Chartist Association of Boot-makers, will take place on Whit-Tuesday, at the Clock House, Castle-street, Leicester-square. Single Tickets, 6d.; Double Tickets, 9d. To commence at Eight o’clock. Dr. M'Douall will preside.

WALWORTH. — A Concert, Festival, and Ball will be held on Whit-Monday, at the Montpelier Tavern, in aid of the funds for the late Demonstration. Dr. McDouall and other advocates of the people’s rights will attend. Tickets, as usual. Tea to commence at half-past five o’clock.

OLD STREET, PANCRAS-ROAD. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture at the Goldbeater’s Arras, on Sunday evening.

CAMBRIDGE-ROAD. — Mr. Ridley will leoture at the Queen’s Head, Mile End, on Sunday evening.

ST. PANCRAS. — Mr. Martin will lecture on Sunday evening at the Archery Rooms, New Road. Lecture to commence at seven o’clock. The members of the above locality will meet for the future on Wednesday evenings, for general business.

SURREY. — A grand public festival, including tea, concert, and ball, will take place at the Montpelier Tavern, Walworth, on Whit Monday. The proceeds to be appropriated towards defraying the expences of the late grand demonstration, in presenting the great National Petition to the House of Commons. Dr. P. M. M‘Donall will preside. Double ticket, tea, concert, and ball, 2s, 6d. single do. 1s. 6d, Double ticket, ball and concert. 1s. 6d, single do. 1s. Tickets to be had of the Committee and the Secretary.

The Members of the Surrey Council are earnestly requested to attend at No. 1, China Walk, Lambeth, on Sunday next, at three o’clock precisely, as business of importance relating to our future proceedings, will be brought before them. Wandsworth and Deptford are entreated also to attend.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. John Campbell will lecture in the Carpenters’ Hall, on Sunday afternoon, at half-past two o’clock precisely; and in the evening Mr. James Leach will lecture at half-past six.

MACCLESFIELD. — A delegate meeting will assemble in the Chartist Association rooms, Watercoates, on Sunday, the 29th instant. Each delegate is requested, if the Association from which he comes is in arrear to the Convention and Lecturer’s Funds, to bring forward the same.

HECKMONDWIKE. — Mr. West will lecture here on Whit-Monday; and on Whit-Tuesday at Earleheaton.

BURY. — Mr. Bailey of Manchester will lecture here on Monday next, at eight o’olook in the evening, in the Garden-street lecture room.

DARLINGTON. - on Sunday the 22nd of May, on business of great importance, when the following places are requested to send delegates, namely, Northallerton, Brompton, Richmond, Barnard Castle, West Auckland, Bishop Auckland, Darlington, Stockton-on-Tees, Stokeeley, Durham, Sunderland, South Shields, North Shields, Wingate Orange Colliery. The meeting to commence at eleven o’clock, at Mr. Bragg's Room, Priestgate, Darlington; it is requested that the delegates will be punctual to time.

HALIFAX. — On Whit-Monday there will be a lecture delivered in the Chartist Lecture Room, Swan Coppice, by Mr. Wallace, to commence at six o’clock, after which there will be a ball and other entertainments. Admittance threepence each, for the   
benefit of the funds of the Association.

A Delegate Meeting of this district will be held the Charter Association Room, Ludenden, on Sunday, May 15th, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

Mr. H. Candy’s Route. — On Sunday, Mr. Candy will deliver two lectures in the Association Room, Breomsgrove, on Monday at Redditch; on Tuesday at Kidderminster; on Wednesday at Dudley; on Thursday at Wednesbury, at the High Bullring, and on Friday at Walsall.

Notice — The members of the Tower Hamlets’ Delegate Council are requested to attend next Sunday evening, at the Hit or Miss.

Lecture. — A lecture will be delivered next Sunday, at the Carpenters’ Arms, Brick Lane.

ARMLEY AND UPPER WORTLEY. — Mr. T. B. Smith will preach, by special invitation, on Armley Moor, on Sunday (to-morrow), at two o’clock in the afternoon, and at Upper Wortley, at half-past six in the evening.

REDDITCH. — A tea party and Ball will be held in the Chartist Hall, on Monday next.

BAILDON. — A Chartist Camp Meeting wiil be held on Baildon Green, on Sunday next, at two o'clock.

BRADFORD. — A public meeting, called by requisition, will be held in front of the Odd Fellows’ Hall, on Whit-Tuesday, at six o’clock. Mr. O’Connor, Mr. Pitketbly, and Mr. West have been invited to attend.

SHEFFIELD. — Fig Tree-Lane — A lecture will be delivered in the above room, on Sunday evening,— to commence at eight o’clock precisely.A Chartist Soiree will be held in the above room, on Whit-Monday. The Rev. Willliam Hill, Editor of the Northern Star, wil, be present. Tickets one shilling each, may be had of Mr. J. G. Harney, No. 11, Gartshead. See the placards for full particulars.

A Meeting of the association on Tuesday evening.

LEES, NEAR OLDHAM. — Mr. Wm. Booth, from Newton Heath, will lecture here on Sunday next, at six in the evening.

HOLBECK. — Messrs. Longstaff and Beaumont will lecture in the Association Room to-morrow night, at half-past six oclock.

HUNSLET. — Messrs. Wilson and A. Smith will lecture here to-morrow night, at half-past six o’clock.

LEEDS DISTRICT. — The lecturers are urgently requested to attend a meeting to be held on Wednesday night, at eight o’clock, in the Association Room, Cheapside.

NEWTON HEATH. — The Chartists of this place intend to have a tea party on Whitsun-Friday, at six o’clock in the evening. Ladies’ tickets, 6d.; Gentlemen's, 9d.; and may be had of the following persons; —Mr. John Ward, Great Newton-street; Mr. Joseph Bates, shopkeeper, Newton ; Mr. Edward Worrall, Upfield, Fails worth; Mr. Joseph Fletcher, Oldhara-road, Newton; Mr. Thos, Pollitt, Church-street, Newton; Mr, Davis Booth, Botany Bay, Newton.

Mr. Doyle will visit the following places on the following days - Campsall Bridge, on Saturday, the 14th; Hazlegrove, on Sunday, the 15th, at six o'clock in the evening ; and at new Mills, on Monday, the 16th, at eight o’clock in the eveniug. Mr. Doyle is now residing in Manchester ; and those places desirous of obtaining his services, would oblige him by addressing their communications, No. 3, Price-street, Every-street, Manchester.

LEEDS. — The members of the Association will take notice that a new council will be elected to-morrow night after the lecture; as the present is a most important and critical time, it is earnestly desired that all will attend, and elect active, zealous, and firm friends to the Charter, name and all.

LEEDS. — A tea party and concert will take place in the Association Room, on Tuesday night, and a concert and bah ou Wednesday night. It is particularly requested by the fair friends that the members generality will grace these amusements by their presence.

LEEDS DISTRICT. — The secretary for this district has great pleasure in informing the Chartists of the undermentioned places, that he has succeeded in engaging Mr. Fraser as the district lecturer. The following will be his route - Leeds, Sunday, to-morrow night; Armley, Monday, 16th; Churwell, Tuesday, 17th; Woodhouse, Wednesday, 18th; Wortley, Thursday, 19th; Morley, Friday, 20th; Holbeck, Sunday, 22nd ; and Hunslet, Monday, 23rd.

