BURY. — Anniversary Sermons, Garden street Room. — The Rev. Wm. Hill will preach two anniversary sormons of the Christian church at Bury, assembling in the Garden-street Room, on Sunday, May 21, in the afternoon and evening,

LONDON. — Ruffy Ridley will lecture on Kennington Common, on Sunday afternoon next, at three o’clook.

The Members of the city locality will meet on Sunday morning, at the Political and Scientific Institution, Turnagain-lane, when a lecture will be delivered.

Mr. Parkes, of Sheffield, will lecture to the members of the City of London locality, on Sunday morning, at eleven o'clock, at the Political and Scientific Institution, 1, Turnagain lane. 

Mr. Parkes, of Sheffield, will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Working Mon’s Hall, 29 1/2, Mile End-road, upon the subject of the Corn Laws. 

Mr. Parkes will attend with Ruffey Ridley on unday afternoon, at Kensington Common.

Mr. George Julian Harney will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Political and Scientific Institution, 1, Turnagain-lane.

The members of the St. John’s and St. Olive’s locality, are requested to meet at Mr. Jeane’s, hair dresser, Snow’s-fields, on Monday next, at eight o’clock in the evening.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Watkins will lecture at the Mechanic's Institution, Circus-street, on Sunday evening next, at half-past seven.

TOWER HAMLETS. — Chartist Hall.—The shareholders and friends engaged in establishing the above Hall are informed that in consequence of Working Man’s Hall having morning lectures, they will be unable transact their business in that Hail, they will therefore meet on Sunday next, and following Sundays, at Mr. Stubbs’, 93, Brick-lane, until further-notice, at half past nine in the forenoon.

NEWARK. — A public ball will be held in Mr. Kelk’s large room, on Monday, at seven o’clock, to defray the expences of the room, the surplus to go to the Defence Fund, &c. Admission sixpence each.

MANCHESTER. - A special meeting will take place in the Carpenters’ Hall, on Sunday next, upon very important business ; a numerous attendance is requested. Chair to be taken at ten o’clock in the forenoon.

BRISTOL. — The members of Bear-lane locality are requested to attend on Monday, at eight o’clock in the evening, to take into consideration Mr. O’Connor’s plan of Organization. All communications for the locality must be addressed to the sub-Secretary, F. Evans, 4, Marlbro’-Hill, Bristol.

Mr. R. G. Gammage will lecture at the following places during the next week:—Sheffield, Sunday; Barnsley, Monday; Leeds, Tuesday; Armley, Wednesday; and Hoibeek, Thursday.

HALIFAX. — The monthly meeting of this district will be held at Mixenden Stones on Sunday (tomorrow) at two o’clock in the afternoon; those localities holding money for the Defence Fund, would do well to forward the same by their delegate.

Mr. West will visit the following places during the week: — Halifax on Tuesday; Todmorden on Wednesday; and Hebden Bridge on Thursday.

HULL. — Mr. Harney will lecture in the large room, Salthouse lane, on Sunday evening, at half-past eight o’clock.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr. Gammage will lecture on the Corn Laws in the Fig-tree Lane Room, on Sunday evening (to-morrow), at half-past seven o’clock. Discussion invited.

The Land. — On Monday evening, Mr. Gammage will lecture on this question of questions in the above room, at eight o’clock.	

NEWCASTLE. — The adjourned meeting of delegates (from such places in the counties of Northumberland and Durham as wish to have the pure principles of Chartism promulgated in their localities) will be resumed in the Tyne Dock Tavern, Long-row, South Shields, on Sunday (to-morrow), at ten o’clock in the forenoon, when it is expected a goodly nurnbor of delegates will attend, as business of vast importance to the sons of toil will be considered. —Any person wishing the services of Mr. Beosley (who is engaged as district lecturer) can be accommodated by giving a week’s previous notice to the district Secretary, James Sinclair, news agent, 25, High-bridge, Newcastle,

Mr. Beesley’s Route for next week. - Newcastle, Sunday evening, at seven o’clock; Sunderland, Monday; South Shields, Tuesday ; Begg’s Main, Wednesday.

HEBDEN BRIDGE. — Mr. John West will deliver a lecture in the Democratic Chapel, Hebden Bridge Lane, on Thuxsday next, at eight o’clook in the evening.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday (to-morrow), Mr. Thomas Clark, of Stockport, will lecture in the Chartist room, at six o’clock in the evening; also, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock, Mr. Wm. Bell will deliver his second lecture on the necessity of a union betwixt the middle and working classes.

NOTTINGHAM. — A free discussion takes place every Wednesday evening, at Swan’s Coffee-house, Drury-Hill. The question for next Wednesday evening is the adjourned discussion upon the land—the right of the people to possess it—and the best means of obtaining it.

PLYMOUTH. — The Plymouth Chartists hold public meetings every Monday evening during the summer on the Hoe, at seven o’clock, (weather permitting), when Messrs. Smith and others will deliver addresses Discussion invited. No tickets granted for admission.

STALYBRIDGE. — A lecture will be delivered in the association room, Stalybridge, on Sunday evening at half-past six.

ROCHDALE. — No. 1, on the South Lancashire Lecturers’ Plan, will deliver two lectures in the Chartist room, Yorkshire-street, on Sunday (to-morrow) in the afternoon, at half-past two, and in the evening at six o’clock.

LEEDS. — Mr. West will lecture to-morrow afternoon, at half-past two, and in the evening, at halfpast six o’clock, and again on Monday night, at eight o’clock, in the Chartist room, Cheapside.

Dr. Lees, the talented editor of the Temperance Advocate., will deliver a lecture in the large room, Cheapside, on Monday, the 22d inst. Subject— Chartism the political aspect of Christianity.

LEEDS DISTRICT. — The committee appointed on Sunday last, to arrange for Mr. Bell’s route, will meet on Wednesday night, at eight o’clock, in the Chartist room, Cheapside.

HOLBECK. — Mr. Joseph Alderson will lecture in the Chartist room, near the Bridge, to-morrow evening, at half-past six o’clock.

BIRMINGHAM. — The Chartists of Aston-street are requested to attend at their meeting room, on Monday evening, at half-past seven o’clock, to nominate the general council.

Mr John Mason will address the men of Birmingham, on Sunday next, at half-past ten o’clock in the morning, on the waste ground, Duddeston-row.
