LONDON. - The Chartists of Bermondsey are requested to attend at the Ship Tavern, Long-lane, on Monday next, at eight o’clock, on business of importance connected with the locality, and the Association generally, will be submitted to their notice; also to take into consideration the necessity that exists for securing a permanent place of meeting.

LONDON. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Monday evening at the Temperance Coffee House, Stratford.

Mr. Martin will lecture on Sunday evening at the Hall, Turn-again-Lane.

A Festival and Ball will be held at the Political and Scientific Institution, 1, Turnagain-Lane, on Whit Monday. —Tickets can be procured of the Directors or of T. M. Wheeler, Sec. pro. tem.

ROCHDALE. — Messrs. Joseph Wood and Jordan Chadwick, will adddress the Chartists of this locality on Sunday next (to-morrow), in the Chartist room, Yorkshire-street, to commence at half-past two and six o'clock.

BRISTOL. — United Chartists.—The whole of the members are requested to attend on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock precisely, upon important business, at their meeting room, West-street.

BRISTOL. — The Council propose that a District Delegate meeting beheld on the 11th of June, in the Democratic Chapel, Bear-lane, Temple-street, for be purpose of hearing the statement of each delegate respecting the condition of his locality, and to consider a plan of organisation, and to consider the best means of giving a stimulant to Chartism in the West, and bring it back to its wonted energy.

SOUTH SHIELDS. — Mr. Beesley will preach on Cornwallis square,-on Sunday forenoon, as half-past ten o'clock, and will lecture on Tuesday evening at Mr. Dagleas's, Scarbro’ Spa, King-street, on the Repeal of the Irish Legislative Union.

Mr. Beesley’s Route for Next Week. — Newcastle, on Sunday evening; Sunderland, Monday evening ; South Shields, Tuesday evening on the topic of the Legislative Union; Gosforth, Wednesday evening; Seghill, Thursday evening. As there is so many applications from the Colliery districts, Friday and Saturday will be left open for tho first who may apply to Mr. Gilpellan, Tyne Dock Tavern, Long-row.

DEWSBURY. — A Chartist camp meeting will be held on Whit Sunday, in the Vicar's Croft, when several friends of the good cause will address the meeting.

The support Committee of Messrs. Clissett and Sheldrake will meet on Sunday, (to-morrow), in the room over the Co-operative Stores. 

NEWCASTLE. - Mr. Beesley will lecture in the Chartist Hall, Goat Inn, Cloth Market, on evening at seven o clock.	

The Chartists of Newcastle and Gateshead meet every Monday evening at eight o’clock in the Chartist Hall, Goat Inn, Cloth Market, to transact the business of the association and enrol new members.

HEYWOOD. — On Sunday the 4th of June Mr Isaac Barrow from Bolton, will preach two sermons in the Chartist Association room, Hartley-street, to commence at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon and at six o’clock in the evening. A collection will be made after each service to defray expenses. 
