BRISTOL. — On Sunday afternoon, Mr. F. W. Simeon will deliver a lecture in Bean Lane Chapel, to commence at three o'clock.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Cartledge lectures next Sunday (to-morrow) at half-past two in the afternoon, and at six in the evening.

BINGLEY.— A special meeting of delegates for the Bingley district will be held in the Foresters’ Court, on Sunday next, (to-morrow) at a nine o’clock in the forenoon, on business of importance.

KEIGHLEY. — A Chartist camp meeting is intended to be held at the Long Lee Gate, near Keighley, on Sunday next (to-morrow) at half-past one, in the afternoon, when Mr. B. Rushton, from Halifax, and other friends will address the meeting.

MACCLESFIELD. — A County Delegate Meeting will assemble in the Chartist Association Rooms, in the Watercotes, on Sunday, the 29th inst., and it is hoped that no locality will fail sending a member, as important business will be brought before them, which must be settled, and all the different localities are required to take particular notice of the appeal of the finance committee in the Star of last Saturday, and see to their accounts being settled immediately.

On Sunday evening next a lecture will be delivered in the Star Coffee House, Golden-lane, by Mr. Fergusson, at half-past six o’clock.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Wm. Benbow will leoture at the Working man's Hall, 5, Circus-st,, Newroad, Mary-le-bone, on Sunday next (to-morrow.)

Dr. M‘Douall will lecture on Sunday evening at the Queen's Hoad, Cambridge-read, Mile-end.

Mr. Fussell will lecture at the Goldbeater’s Arms, Old Saint Pancras-road, on Sunday evening next.	

Mr. Anderson will lecture on Sunday evening at the Clock House, Castle Street, Leicester-square.

Mr. Rouse will lecture at the Star Coffee House, Golden-lane, on Sunday.

Mr. Faiuier will lecture at the King and Queen, Foley-place, on Sunday evening.

Mr. Fekgupson will lecture at the Albion, Shoreditch, ou Sunday.

Mr. Ridley will lecture at the Archery Rooms, Bath-place, on Sunday evening.

Mr. Anderson will lecture to the Chartists meeting at the Prince of Wales, Leader-st., Chelsea, on Monday evening.

Mr. Wheeler will lecture at the Victoria, No. 3, Colt-street, Limehouse, on Wednesday evening.	

OLDHAM. — Mr. Storer of Staley-bridge, will lecture in the Chartist rooom, Greave-St., Oldham, next Sunday evening, at six o'clock, and at Water-head Mill, at two in the afternoon on the same day.

HEYWOOD. — Mr. M. Roberts will lecture in the Association Room, Hartley-St., on Sunday, (to-morrow) at six o'clock in the evening.

SUNDERLAND. — On Sunday afternoon, at half-past two o’clock, Mr. Williams will lecture on the town moor. On Monday evening at eight, a lecture will be delivered in Bridge-st, Chapel. On Tuesday evening, at the same hour, there will be a meeting at tho Britannia, Thames-st. Monkwearmouth. Messrs. Chappie, Taylor, and others will be present to address it.

BRADFORD. — Mason's Arms. —A lecture will be delivered by Mr. George Felix, this evening, subject "The Repeal of the Union.”

HOLLINGWOOD. — Mr. Edward Clarke, of Manchester, wtil lecture here on Sunday evening next at six o'clock.

STOCKPORT. — On Sunday night (to-morrow) Mr. James Leach, president of tho Executive, will lecture in the Association Room, Bomber's Brow, at six o'clock.

The Chartists of Hollingworth intend having a tea party this day, 21st of May, at six o'clock in the evening, at the New Inn. Mr. D. Dumvan, from Manchester, is expected to address the company, and he will lecture at the Association Room on Sunday, the 22nd, at half-two.

BOLTON. — Mr. Isaac Barrow will preach in the Association Room, Howell Croft, at half-past six o’clock on Sunday evening next.

BELFAST. — A public meeting will bo hold in the large Ball Room, in the rear of 14, Mill-street, on Monday next, 23 rd inst. Hugh Carlile and others will address the meeting.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. W. D. Taylor's route for the ensuing week - Sunday, May 22nd, will preach on Nottingham Forest, at two o'clock and six o'clock in tho afternoon ; Monday, Old Basford ; Tuesday, Arnold ; Wednesday, Calverton ; King George, Saturday evening, at "eight o'olook, and twice on the Forest.

DEWSBURY. — On Sunday, (to-morrow,) Mr. M. North will preach two sermons in the large room over the Co-operative Stores, for the benefit of C. Wood, now confiued in Rothwell Gaol, for another man's feats, and unable to raise the money to file his petition. Service to commence at half-past two o'clock in the afternoon, and six o'clock in the evening.

BULWELL FOREST. — Mr. Brophy will lecture here on Sunday next;, at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon.

ARNOLD. — Mr. Brophy lectures here on Sunday evening, on total abstinence.

Mr. Brophy will lecture at Newark on Monday, the 23rd, and Tuesday, the 24th instant; at Gainsborough on Wednesday, the 25sh ; and at Hull on Thursday, the 2oth.

SALFORD. — In consequence of Mr. O'Connor's visit to Manchester on Monday night last, the public meeting given_ notice of in last week's Star, was postponed until next Monday night, at half-past seven o'clock, when it is intended to pass the memorial to the Queen, as proposed by the Convention.

Mr. D. Ross will lecture at Astley Bridge on Sunday next, at three o'clock in the afternoon; at Ecclea, on Monday evening next, in the open air ; and in the Chartist Meeting Room, Delph, Saddle-worth, on Saturday evening next.

FULHAM ROAD. — On Wednesday evening Mr. Anderson will lecture at the Stag.

RICHMOND STREET. — A lecture will be delivered at the Three Crowns, on Sunday evening.

1, CHINA WALK, LAMBETH. — The shareholders of the above place are earnestly requested to attend a meeting, on Monday, May 23, at Eight o'clock pre-cisely, on business of great importance.
