BURY. — Anniversary Sermons. —Garden Street Room. The Rev. Wm. Hill will preach the anniversary sermons of the Christian Church at Bury, assembling at Garden-street Room, on Sunday, May 21st, in the afternoon and evening.

BOLTON. — Mr. Hill preaches at Bolton on Monday evening.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Hill preaches at Rochdale on Tuesday evening.

LEEDS DISTRICT. — Mr. Wm. Bell, of Heywood, will lecture at the following places during the next week —Wortley and Armley, Monday; Holbeck, Tuesday; Woodhouse, Wednesday ; Hunslet, Thursday; and Moriey, Friday.

Mr. Bell will lecture in the Chartist Room, tomorrow evening at half-past six o’clock.

A course of lectures on Mesmero-Phrenology are now being delivered in the above Room, for the joint benefit of Dr. McDouall and the phonological class in this town. The next will be delivered on Tuesday and Thursday evenings at eight o'clock.

LEEDS. — Dr. Lees, Editor of the Temperance Advocate, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Cheapside, on Monday evening, at eight o'clock, subject,— Chartism, the political aspect of Christianity.

HOLBECK MOOR. — A Chartist Camp Meeting will be held at this place to-morrow afternoon, at two o’clock, when Messrs. Bell, of Heywood, and Gammage, of Northampton, will address the meeting.

HOLBECK. — Mr. R. G. Gammage will lecture in the Association Room, Holbeck-bridge, on Sunday evening at half-past six o'clock, on the land and its capabilities.

Mr. B. Walker, member of the Literary Institution, Armley, will deliver two lectures on Mesmero-Phrenology, on Monday and Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock, for the benefit of the Association. Admission two-pence.

LONDON. — Frost, Williams, Jones, and Ellis — A grand concert will take place at the Mechanics' Institution, Circus-street, New Road, on Tuesday, May 30th, for the purpose of raising a fund towards defraying the expenses of a great demonstration, to be held on Hampstead Heath, on Whit Monday, to memorialize her Majesty on behalf of the above named patriots, and all who are now suffering in exile and in dungeons for their advocacy of the cause of the people. Admission sixpence each.

ROTUNDA, BLACKFRIAR'S ROAD. — Mr. C. J. Smith will lecture here on Monday evening, at eight o'clock. Members are particularly desired to attend on business of importance.

The General Council of tho National Charter Association, resident in the Metropolis, will meet on Sunday afternoon, at three o'clock, at the City of London Political and Scientific Institution, 1, Turnagam-lane.

On Monday Evening a meeting of the Metropolitan Tailors’ Trade Protection Society will be held at the Political and Scientific Institution, 1, Turnagain-Lane, Skinner- street, for the purpose of laying a report before the society and electing a general secretary,

A general meeting of the Shoreditch locality will be held at the Gloster Coffee House on Tuesday,

STAR, GOLDEN-LANE. — The members are requested to attend on Sunday (to-morrow) for the purpose of electing councillors, and on other bussuess of importance.

Silk Weavers. — Mr. M'Grath will address this body at the Weavers' Arms, Petham-street, Spital-fields, on Sunday evening next, at eight o'clock. A concert will take place on every Saturday evening, at eight o’clock, for the benefit of the victims.

Mr. Parkes, of Sheffield, will lecture on Sunday morning, at the City of London Political and Scientific Institution, on "The Origin and Consequences of kingcraft ; " to commence at eleven o'clock precisely ; admission free. In the evening Mr. Parkes will lecture " On the necessity of the people keeping in remembrance the fate of Frost, Williams, Jones, and the other martyrs, to political freedom, and of their exertions iu returning them to their father land."

Mr. Parkes, of Sheffield, will lecture on Monday evening, at the Commercial Coffee House, Clerken-well Green, subject — Will a repeal of the Corn Laws produce permanent relief !

COLNE. — A lecture will be delivered in the Chartist news room, Windy-banks, on Sunday, May the 28th, at half-past two o'clock, in the afternoon.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. James Simmons will preach on Nottingham Forest next Sunday, at two o'clock in the afternoon, and six in the evening, if the weather be favourable, and, if not, in the Chapel, Rice-place.

A Meeting of delegates from the counties of Nottingham, Derby, and Leicester, will be holden on Monday next, at the Shoulder of Mutton, Barker-gate, Nottingham, at ten o’clock in the forenoon.

A Tea Party will take place on Whit Tuesday. Tickets, 9d. each, to be had of J. Sweet. The profits to be applied to the Victim Fund.

SHEFFIELD. — On Sunday evening (to-morrow), Mr. G. J. Harney will address the Chartists, assembling in the Figtree-lane room, at half-past seven o’clock.

On Monday evening a public discussion will be held in the same room, to consider the repeal of the Legislative Union existing between this country and Ireland. The discussion to commence at half-past seven precisely.

On Tuesday evening the usual ball will take place.

On Wednesday evening the weekly meeting of the members will he held.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday (to-morrow), Mr. A. F. Taylor, of Royton, will deliver an address in the Chartist Room, on the Proceedings in the Court of Queen’s Bench, on the 4th of May last; and the necessity of re-organizing the Chartist body. The lecture to commence precisoly at six o'clock in the evening. After the address, a collection will be made in aid of the Defence Fund.

MOSSLEY. — Mr. Thomas Clark, of Stockport, will deliver a lecture in the Association room, on Tuesday evening next. Subject—" The Land and its capabilities." A collection will be made exclusively for the Defence Fund.

LIVERPOOL. — The Council are requested to attend a meeting at their usual room, on Tuesday next, to take into consideration the subject of Mr. O’Connor’s plan of Organisation.

KEIGHLEY. — A delegate meeting will ho holden in the Working Men's Hall, Sun-Street, Keighley, on Sunday, the 28th of May, at ten o’clock in the forenoon, for the purpose of better organizing the district, and for the transaction of other important business. Delegates are particularly requested to attend from every locality in the district.

LEICESTER. — The Chartists of Hinckley, Earl-Shilton, Wigton, Oadby, Glenn, Countesthorpe, and Thurmaston, are requested to send delegates to a meeting to be holden at Mr. Cooper's Coffee Room, Leicester, on Sunday week, May 28th, to agree on a plan for agitating and organising the South Leicestershire district. Plans will be submitted for the consideration of the delegates.

HALIFAX. — On Sunday (to-morrow) Mr. Davies, of Hawick, will deliver two lectures in the Chartist Room, Pellon-lane, at two and at half-past six o'clock.

Mr. Beesley's Route for the next week : — Newcastle, Sunday evening; Sunderland, Monday evening ; South Shields, Tuesday evening ; Sherriff Hill, Wednesday opening; Howdon, Thursday ; Jarrow, Saturday. On Friday, his services may be secured by any adjoining locality which may apply in time to Wm. Gilfillan, jun.s Dock Tavern. Long-row, South Shields.

LAMBETH. — Mr. Stallwood will lecture here on, Sunday evening at eight o’clook. Subject—The Corn Laws.

PADDINGTON. — Ruffy Ridley will lecture at the Charter Coffee-house, Edge ware-road, on Monday night at eight o'clock.

ST. PANCRAS. — Mr. Buchanan will lecture at Tillman's coffee-house, 59, Tottenham Court Road, on Monday next, at eight o’clock. —Members' meetings every Wednesday at half-past past eight.

An Harmonic Meeting will be held at the Feathers, Warren-street, Tottenham Court Road, on Tuesday next.

MARYLEBONE. — A discussion will take place upon the subject of the Land, on Sunday evening next, at the Mechanics' Institution, Circus-street, New-road, at half-past seven o'clock.

TOWER HAMLETS. — The Chartists are requested to meet on business of importance, on Sunday evening, at six o'clock.

MANCHESTER. — Two lectures will be delivered in the Carpenters' Hall, on Sunday next: in the afternoon, at half-past two, by Mr. C. Doyle ; and in the evening, at half-past six, by Mr. JameB Leach. A collection will be made after each lecture in aid of the General Defence Fund.

STOCKPORT. — A lecture will be delivered in the Chartist Room, Bomber's Brow, on Sunday next, by Mr. Dixon, of Manchester. Subjecttho Land ; the only remedy for our national distress. The lecture will commence at half-past six o'clock.

A Chartist Camp Meeting will be held on Sunday afternoon, at Studley Pike, adjoining the monument that was erected in commemoration of the peace of 1815. which is situated centrally between Todmorden, Hebdenbridge, Sowerby, and Ripponden; the friends residing at the two last mentioned places are most earnestly requested to attend. Mr. J. West and other friends will address the meeting, which will commence at two o'clock.

Mr. R. G. Gammage will lecture at the following places during the next week Dewsbury, Monday; Huddersfield, Tuesday ; Lockwood, Wednesday ; Honley, Thursday ; Holmfirth, Friday and Sunday.

BRADFORD. — The Chartists of Little Horton will meet in the School Room, Park-place, on Sunday morning at nine o'clock.

The Chartists of the central locality are requested to meet on Sunday morning, at nine o'clock in the council room, Butterworth's-buildings.

The Chartists of Wapping will meet on Sunday morning, at nine o'clock, at the usual place of meeting.

The Chartists of Bowling Back-lane, will meet in their room, on Sunday morning next, at ten o'clock.

The Chartists of Middleton-fields will meet at the house of George Sedgwick, on Saturday evening at eight o'clock.

On Sunday evening a lecture will be delivered in the Large Room, Butterworth's-buildings, at seven o'clock. Subject, —Will a Repeal of the Legislative Union between England and Ireland, based on sound principles, be beneficial or injurious to the inhabitants of the British Empire ! Free admission—discussion invited.

On Monday evening at eight o'clock, Mr. Condron of Halifax, will lecture on the past and present condition of Ireland, at the house of Michael Daly, Broad-stones. Free admission.

On Sunday, the 28th of May, a camp meeting will be held at Undercliffe, at ten o'clock, and at Apperly Bridge at two o'clock in the afternoon.

NOTTINGHAM. — A lecture will be given by Miss Eliza Blatherwick, in the Democratic Chapel, Rice-place, on Monday next, at eight o'clock. Subject— The distressed state of the country, its causes and remedy. Admission free. At the close a collection will be made in aid of the school fund.

NEWINGTON. — The Council and members are requested to meet at the Crown and Anchor, Cross-street, on Tuesday evening next.

HYDE. — A Camp meeting will be held on Sunday afternoon, on Golden-green. Mr. W. Beoth, from Newton Heath, and also Mr. G. B. Candolet, one of the " Conspirators," will be in attendance. A collection will be made in aid of the defence fund.

SALFORD. — The Chartists of this locality have changed their night of meeting from the Sunday till the Monday evening. There will be a member's meeting next Monday evening at eight o’clock, when all friends to the cause in Salford are specially invited to attend.	