DAISY HILL, NEAR BRADFORD. — A Chartist Temperance meeting will be holden on Sunday, the 23rd, at two in the afternoon.

ACCRINGTON. — Mr. George Julian Harney will lecture here, at the Wheat Sheaf, bottom of the Abbey-street, on Wednesday evening, May 26th, at half-past seven.

BOLTON. — Mr. Leech will lecture in the Oxford-street-room, on Sunday evening next.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. - An important meeting is to be holden in the Chartist room, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock.

STROUDWATER. — The tea-party has been deferred till Whit-Monday.

Mrs. Frost. — In consequence of the unsettled state of this lady’s affairs, the committee, appointed to get up a Social Tea Festival and Ball, at the John-street institution, Tottenham-court-road, on Monday, May 24th, in honour of Henry Hetherington, ou his release from the Marshalsea, have publicly announced their intention of appropriating the whole of the proceeds to Mrs, Frost and her family. The friends of this persecuted family will, therefore, do well to make immediate application for the remaining tickets, which may be had of Messrs Lovett, Cleave, Hetherington, &c., and at the Social Hall, John-street, at the following prices Tickets for tea and ball, 1s. 6d.; double ditto, 2s. 6d,; tickets, for ball only, Is.; double ditto, 3s. 6d. Tea on the table at five precisely. Ball to commence at nine. An efficient band will be in attendance. Men of London, the voice of your martyred hero, John Frost, echoes across the water, " Attend !”

WORKING MEN'S HALL, CIRCUS-STREET, NEW-ROAD. — The Rads of Marylebone and Paddington, (two glorious hot-beds of Chartism,) intend having a ball and festival in their New Hall, on Whit-Monday, (May 31st.) A bumper is expected.

Chartist Meeting. — Mr. Binns will deliver an address at the Life-boat House, Sunderland, next Sunday afternoon, at half-past two o’clock. On Sunday evening Mr. Williams will commence the first of a course of four lectures to be delivered in the Golden Lion room. The first lecture will be on morals, politics, and religion.
