DEWSBURY. — Mr. O’Connor will lecture at Dewsbury on Friday, June 3rd, The chair to be taken at eight o’clock in the evening.

BIRSTAL. — Mr. North will deliver a lecture on Saturday (this evening), in the Co-operative Store Room, and on Sunday (to-morrow), he will preach a sermon at two o’clock in the afternoon, out of doors if the weather permit.

Mr. West’s Route for the ensuing Week. — On Monday, May 30th, at Cleckheaton ; Tuesday, May 31st, at Wakefield ; Wednesday, June 1st, at Dewsbury ; Thursday, June 2nd, at East Ardsley ; Friday, June 3rd, at Ossett; and Saturday, June 4th. at West Ardsley.

TROWBRIDGE. — A county delegate meeting will be held on the first Sunday in June, at the house of Mr. Stephen Tudgey, Monkton Deverel, Wilts, when and where delegates from Trowbridge, Bradford Westbury, Frome, Warminster, and other adjacent places are requested to attend, as business of importance will be brought before them.

NORTHAMPTONSHIRE. — Mr. Bairstow’s Route.— Wellingborough, (to-morrow), Saturday, May 28th; Raunds, on Monday, the 30th ; Oundle, on Tuesday, the 31st; Peterborough, on Wednesday, June 1st; Oundle, on Thursday, the 2nd ; Kettering, on Friday and Saturday, the 3rd and 4th ; Isham, on Monday, the fifth ; Northampton, on Tuesday, the 7th ; and Daventry, on Wednesday, the 8th.

MANCHESTER. — On Sunday next, Mr. William Beesley will deliver two lectures in the Carpenters’ Hall, one in the afternoon at half-past two, and one in the evening at half-past six o’clock.

LITTLEBOROUGH. — The Rev. W. V. Jaokson, of Manchester, will preach three sermons here on Sunday (tomorrow), in the forenoon at half-past ten, in the afternoon at half-past two, and in the evening at six o’clock.

LONDON. — Bethnal Green, —Mr. Mantz will preach a sermon here next Sunday afternoon, at three o’clock.

Notice. —A general meeting will be held on Sunday (to-morrow), to hear the report of the trades and other delegates, and discuss thereon. The chair to be taken at seven o’clock in the evening.

LONDON. — The friends from the various localities are requested to meet at Mr. Drakes, Carpenters’ Arms, Brick-lane, to settle the accounts of the Petition Committee, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock.

RICHMOND STREET. — Mr. Farrer will lecture at the Three Crowns, on Sunday next.

REGENT STREET. — Mr. Fussell will lecture to the Teetotallers, at the Crown Coffee House, Beak-street.

LIMEHOUSE. — Mr. T. Wheeler will lecture at the Victoria, Three Colt-street, on Wednesday evening.

CAMBRIDGE-ROAD. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture at the Queen’s Head, on Sunday next.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Ruffey Ridley will lecture at the Workingman’s Hall, Circus-street, on Sunday next.

Mr. John Watkins will lecture at the Working Man’s Hall, No. 5, Circus-street, New Road, on um/ay next, at half-past seven.

BATH PLACE. — Mr. Rouse will lecture at the Archer Rooms, Bath-place, New Road, on Sunday next.

CITY ROAD. — Mr. Anderson will lecture at the Cannon Coffee House, Old-street, on Sunday next.

FOLEY PLACE. — Mr. Ferguson will lecture at the King and Queen, on Sunday next.

SHOREDITCH. — Mr. Stallwood will address the audience meeting at the Albion, on Sunday next.

ALBION COFFEE HOUSE. — Mr. Rouse will lecture here on Sunday next. On the 6th of June a handkerchief will be raffled for the benefit of Mr. Sheen, late delegate to the County Council, 55, Old Bailey, from the Shoreditch locality, who is in great distress from sickness. Tickets threepence each.

GOLDEN-LANE. — Mr. Jones, from Liverpool, will lecture at the Star Coffee House, on Sunday next.

LEICESTER-SQUARE. — Mr. Martin will lecture at the Clock House, Castle-street, on Sunday next.

TOWER-HAMLETS. — A public meeting of the members of the National Charter Association in this locality, will take place at the Crown and Anchor, Cheshire-street, Waterloo-town, on Tuesday night next, at eight o’clock precisely, to take into consideration the best means of reorganising the Chartists of the Tower Hamlets.

DOCKHEAD. — The Chartists of this locality are requested to meet early next Monday evening, to elect a treasurer in place of Mr. Hogg. A raffle will take place at the Chartist Hall, Folly-bridge, on Tuesday, the 30th, for a Dutch clock, the proceeds to go to the furnishing of the above hall. A vocal concert after. The chair to be taken at eight o’clock in the evening.

SURREY. — The members of the Surrey Council are requested to attend at No 1, China Walk, on Sunday next, at three o’olock precisely.

BERMONDSEY. — A special general meeting of the friends in this locality, will be held at the Horn’s, Crucifix-Jane, on Monday next, at eight o’clock. All members are earnestly requested to attend.

CAMBERWELL GREEN. — A public meeting will be held at this place, on Monday evening next, to forward the cause of the People’s Charter,

CHELSEA. — The Chartists of this locality will meet in future, every Monday evening, at the Stag Tavern, Fulham Road, where lectures will be regularly delivered.

KINGSTON UPON THAMES. - Mr. Ruffy Ridley will lecture at the Old Crown, Market-place, on Wednesday next.

WALTHAMSTOW. — On Sunday afternoon, at three, the Rev. E. Mantz, of Buck’s Head College, London, will preach a sermon on the Forest, at Whipp’s Cross.

BRISTOL. — Mr. John Copp will deliver a lecture, on the present state of society and its duties, in Bear-lane Chapel, Temple-street, on Sunday evening, to commence at seven o’clock.

SHEFFIELD. — The friends of the Charter will assemble, weather permitting, on Attercliffe Common, on Sunday afternoon next, at half-past two o’clock.

A Lecture will be delivered on Sunday evening, at half-past seven o’clook, in the National Charter Association room, Fig Tree-lane.

A Public Meeting will be held in the above room on Monday evening, at half-past seven o’clook —subject for discussion—116 The means to be used to obtain the Charter.”

A Meeting of the members of the Association will be held on Tuesday evening, at eight o’clook, in the above room, on important business. None but members admitted.

BURY. — Mr. James Leach of Manchester, will lecture here on Monday, the 30th, in the Garden-street leoture room, at eight o’clock in the evening.

Mr. Brophy will lecture at Sutton-in-Ashfiedd on Wednesday, June 1st; and at Mansfield on Thursday, June 2nd.

LOUGHBOROUGH. — A delegate meeting for the Northern Division of the County of Leicester will be held in the Association-room, Loughborough, at half-past two o’clock on Sunday next.

WINCHCOMBE. — An out-door meeting will take place at Winchcombe, on Monday, the 30tb instant, at seven o’clock in the evening ; and at Toddington, on Sunday, the 5th of June, at three o’olock in the afternoon.

DERBY. — A delegate meeting will take place in the Chartist Room, Willow Row, on Sunday morning, June 5th, at eleven o’clock, for the purpose of considering the propriety of engagiag a lecturer for the County of Derby, and the transaction of other important business. Delegates from all the towns in the county are requested to attend.

STOCKPORT. — Mr. John Campbell will lecture here to-morrow evening (Sunday) at six o’clock. On Monday evening there will be a public meeting in the Market Place to adopt the memorial and petition.

HEYWOOD. - A public meeting called by requisition, will be held in the Market Place, on Monday evening next at half-past seven o’clook, for the purpose of passing the memorial to the Queen, and the remonstrance to the House of Commons as recommended by the Convention. Mr. J. Campbell, and Mr. Dixon of Manchester, Mr. Bell of Heywood, and others, will address the meeting.

RATCLIFFE. — Mr. William Bell of Heywood, will lecture in the Association Room, on Sunday evening (to-morrow), at six o’clook.

MACCLESFIELD. — A County Delegate Meeting will assemble on Sunday, (to-morrow,) at the Chartist Association Rooms, Watercotes, when it is expooted that every locality will be present either by member or letter, as a county lecturer must be engaged, and the remainder of the Convention and Lecturers’ Fund must be forthcoming and settled at once; the attention of those districts in arrears, is called to the balance sheet of the Finance Committee of last week, which must be paid. A meeting, of the members of the Macclesfield Chartist Association, is requested on Monday evening the 30th, as bqsiness connected with the well being of the society requires their attention.

BIRMINGHAM. — Mr. Mason will lecture in Aston-street Association room, on Sunday evening, at seven o clock ; and on Tuesday evening at the Black Horse, Prospect-row, Mr. Mason will visit Wolverhampton on Wednesday and Thursday, and Walsall on Friday.

HEBDEN BRIDGE. - Mr. West will lecture here on Saturday (this day).

SOWERBY. - Mr. West will preach here on Sunday afternoon, at half-past two o'clock.

RIPPONDEN. - Mr. West will preach here on Sunday evening at half-past six o'clock.

STOURBRIDGE. — A Chartist tea party will take place on Monday, June; 6th. Tickets may be had from Mr. Goodfellow, Stourbridge, Mr. Freeman, Hay-green, Mr. Cbanoe, Old Swinford; and Mr. Welch, Lye-waste.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday next (to-morrow), Mr. Jno. Leach of Rochdale, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at six o’clock in the evening, and at Water-head Mill, at two in ene afternoon, On Wednesday June let, Mr. Philp of Bath, member of the Executive Council, will deliver a lecture in the Independent Methodist upper school room, George-street; admission by ticket, at one penny each.

COALBROOK DALE. — On Monday, Mr. Mogg will lecture at the Oaken Gates, on Tuesday at Dawley Green, and on Wednesday at Ketley. He will be disengaged the remainder of the week, and offers his services for any part of Shropshire.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Philp will leoture here on Tuesday next, in the Association Room, Yorkshire-street, at eight o’clock precisely. Mr. Clarke, of Stockport, lectures twice on Sunday, (to-morrow,) at the Association Room, Yorkshire-street, at half-past two in the afternoon, and six in the evening.

SUNDERLAND. — Mr. Williams will lecture on the Town Moor, at two o’clock. On. Monday evening, Mr. Chappie will leoture in Bridge-steet Chapel, at eight o’clock.

ASHTON. — Mr. Bayley, of Manchester, will lecture in the National Charter Association, on Sunday, (tomorrow) at six o’clock in the evening.

STROUD. — A special meeting will be held on Monday, when the members and friends of democracy are earnestly entreated to attend.

WARRINGTON. — Mr. J.. Barrow will preach two sermons in the Chartist Association room, on Sunday (to-morrow), in the afternoon, at half-past two, and in the evening at six o’clock.

BURY. — Mr. D. Ross will deliver a lecture in favour of the People’s Charter on Monday next, in the Working Man’s Hall, Garden-street, at halfpast seven o’clock in the evening.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — Mr. Bailey will Jecture in this place on Sunday (to-morrow) in the Chartist Association room.

Mr. Brophy will lecture at Sutton-in-Ashfield, on Wednesday, the 1st of June; Mansfield, 2nd; Chesterfield, 3rd; Sheffield, 5th; Barnsley, 6th; Wakefield, 7th; Leeds, 8th; Bradford,9th; Bingley, 12th; Halifax, 13th; Todmorden, 14th; Rochdale, 15th ; and Manchester the 16th. All communications for Mr. Brophy to be sent to Mr. G. J. Harney, 11, Hartshead, Sheffield.

Mr. Brophy will be in Macclesfield, on Sunday, the 19th of June.

BINGLEY. — The next delegate meeting of the Bingley district, will be held in the Foresters’ Court, York-street, on Sunday, the 5th of June, at nine o’clock in the morning.

CARPENTERS' HALL. — Mr. Wm. Beesley will lecture in the above hall, on Sunday (to-morrow) in the afternoon, at half-past two o’clook, and at half-past six in the evening.

DOGHOUSE. — Mr. T. B. Smith will preach three sermons here on Sunday, June 5th, in the morning, at ten o’clock, on the duties of Christians in reference to the social and political arrangements of society; in the afternoon, at two o’clock, on the evils resulting from an indulgence in vicious habits ; and in the evening at six, on the valley of dry bones.

BIRSTAL. — Mr. T. B. Smith will lecture here on Saturday evening, June 4th, on the acquisition and true use of knowledge.

STANNINGLEY. — Mr. T. B. Smith will deliver a lecture on Saturday evening (this day); and will preach three sermons to-morrow, in the morning at ten, in the afternoon at two, and in the evening at six o’clock.

CHURWELL. — Mr. T. B. Smith will leoture here on Wednesday evening, June 1st, on the value of personal character and advantages of social reform.

HOLBECK. — A political sermon will be delivered in the Association Room, Holbeck-bridge, on Sunday evening next, by Jonathan Hall, to commence precisely at six o’clock.

Route of Mr. Edward Mead :—Coventry on Tuesday, the 31st of May; Nuneaton on Wednesday; Leicester on Thursday; Loughborough on Friday ; and Nottingham on Sunday. As I am a poor working man the expences of my tour must be paid, by the charge of one penny on each lecture. Next week I intend to visit Derby, Belper, Sutton-in-Ashfield, Gresley Green, Potteries, Newark-on-Trent, Mansfield, and their several localities. Due notice of the day on which I shall visit each of those places, will be given next week.—E. Mead.

LEEDS. — Mr. John Smith will lecture in the Association room, on Sunday night, at half-past six o'clock.

HOLBECK. — A lecture will be delivered in the Association room, on Sunday night, at half-past six o’clock.

HUNSLET. — Mr. Longstaff will lecture on Tuesday night at eight o’clock.

WORTLEY. — Mr. Fraser will lecture on Tuesday night, at eight o’clock.

ARMLEY. — Mr. John Smith will lecture on Monday night, at eight o’clook.

WOODHOUSE. — Mr. Longstaff will lecture on Wednesday night, at eight o'clock.

MORLEY. — Mr. Longstaff wiil lecture on Friday night, at eight o’clock.

BRADFORD. — Mr. Brook will lecture at White Abbey on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock.

Council Room. — Messrs. Alderson and Rawnsley will lecture on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock.

FOUR LANE ENDS. — A lecture will be delivered at this place on Monday evening next, at eight o’clook.

GUILDERSOME GREEN. — A Chartist Camp Meeting will be held here on Sunday (to-morrow) at half past two o’olock in the afternoon. Messrs. Alderson, Dewhirst, and Edwards will address the meeting.

GUISELY MOOR. — A Chartist Camp Meeting will be held on Sunday next, at two o’clock in the afternoon. Messrs. Kitchen, Hammond, and Arran will address the meeting.

Mr. Smyth will lecture on Sunday evening, at six o’clock in the evening, in Little Horton Chartist Chapel.

WEST RIDING DELEGATE MEETING. — A delegate meeting will be held at Bradford, in the Council room, Butterworth’s-buildings, on Sunday next, (tomorrow), at ten o’clock in the forenoon. Arrangements will be made respecting district leoturers, and other business transacted connected with the cause.

LANCASHIRE. — A delegate meeting will he held on Sunday, June 7th, when a balance sheet of the Convention fund will be laid before the delegates. The meeting to take place at ten o’clock precisely, in Brownst., Manchester.

TODMORDEN. — Mr. R. K. Philp will lecture in the Oddfellow’s Hall, on Monday night, to commence at eight o’clock. Price of admission, one penny each.
