LEEDS DISTRICT. — A general district council meeting will be held tomorrow morning, at half-past nine o’clock, in the Chartist Room, Cheapside, when it is earnestly requested that all councillors will attend.

Mr. Davies, from Scotland, will deliver two lectures, tomorrow afternoon and evening, in the Chartist Room, Cheapside, to commence at half-past two and half-past six o’clock. Subject of the evening lecture—-Repeal of the Union.

The usual holiday amusements, consisting of singing and dancing, will take place in tho Chartist Room, on Monday and Tuesday evenings. Admittance 3d. each, The proceeds to go to the funds of the Association.

BRADFORD. — The Chartists of Little Horton will meet on Sunday morning at nine o’clock.

The Chartists meeting in the Council room are requested to attend on Sunday morning at nine o’clock, on business of importance.

The Chartists of Daisy Hill, will meet on Saturday evening, in the Association room.

A Lecture will be delivered in the large room, Butterworth’s Buildings, on Sunday evening, at seven o’clock. Admission free.

On Monday evening, a lecture will be delivered on the ancient and modern government of Ireland, in Park-place, at eight o’clock.

Mr. Dawson will lecture on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, in the Association-room, Wapping, on the present state of parties in this country. Admission free.

DEWSBURY. — A Chartist Camp meeting will be held on Sunday, (to-morrow), in Vicar’s Croft, Dewsbury, at two o’clock in the afternoon, and six in the evening, when Messrs. Clayton, Shaw, and other friends, will be in attendance.

CLITHEROE. — Mr. Ross will lecture in the large room at the Swan Inn, on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, on Elocution.

SHEFFIELD. — Fig-tree lane.—The Northern star and Nation will be read, as usual, on Sunday evening, commencing at half-past six o’clock.

Public Meeting. — A public meeting will be held in Paradise-square, at mid-day, on Whit-Monday, to take into consideration the unconstitutional dismissal of Magistrates in Ireland, and to petition Parliament thereon. The chair will be taken at one o’clock precisely.

A Ball will be held in the Fig-tree-lane Room, on the evenings of Whit- Monday and Tuesday. Dancing to commence at half-past seven.

A Ball in the above room every Saturday evening.

SIDDALL. — Mr. Snowdon will lecture here on Sunday (to-morrow) at two o’clock in the afternoon.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday, (to-morrow,) Mr. Daniel Donovan, of Manchester, will lecture in the Chartist Room, at six o’clock in the evening,

ROCHDALE. — Mr. James Mills, of Whitworth, will address the Chartists of this place, on Sunday next, (to-morrow,) in the Chartist Room, Yorkshire street, at half past two and six o’clock.

SOWERBY. — There will be a Ball and Concert in the Council Room, at this place, on Whit-Tuesday. to commence at six o’clock in the evening. Tickets, Males, threepence each ; females, twopence each.

LEICESTER. — Mr. Sam. Parkes. of Sheffield, will preach in the Pasture, on Sunday morning next, at ten o’clock, in Russell-square, at two o'clock, and in the Market-place, at six o’clock in the evening.

NOTTINGHAM. — A Camp Meeting will ba held on Nottingham Forest on Whit-Sunday, at which Mr. Bairstow and several other speakers will attend.

Mr. H. Dorman will preach on Bulwell Forest on Whit-Sunday, at two o’clock in the afternoon and six in the evening.

Mr. Bairstow’s Route for next week : - Sunday (to-morrow), Nottingham Forest ; Tuesday, at Hinckley, at eleven o’clock, and at Earl Shilton, at four; Wednesday, at Wigston, he is invited to a public dinner ; Thursday, he will lecture at Oadley, in the open air, at seven o’clock.

HOLLINWOOD. — Mr. William Miller, of Oldham, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Ralph green, on Sunday next, at six o’clock in the evening.
