The South Lancashire delegate meeting will take place on Sunday, in the Association Room, Brown-street, Manchester, at ten o'clock in the forenoon.

BOLTON. — Mr. D. Ross will lecture in Bolton on Sunday evening, and attend a public meeting in the open air on Monday.

Mr. W. S. Ellis will lecture at the following places in the Staffordshire Potteries —Longton, on Monday, June 6th ; Burslem, Red Bull Inn, Tuesday, the 7th ; Hanley, Market Place, Wednesday, the 8th; Stoke, Market Place, Thursday, the 9th ; and Tunstall, Market Place, Friday, the 10th. At seven o'clock in the evening.

COLNE. — There will be a camp meeting of the Chartists of Colne, Skipton, Barnoldswick, Carlton, Keighley, Silsden, Connonley, and the neighbouring villages, on the hill above Carlton, called Pinna, on Sunday next (to-morrow), at two o’clock in the afternoon, to take into consideration the state of the country.

LONDON. — Limehouse.—Mr. Frazer will deliver a lecture on Wednesday next, at the Victoria, Colt-street, Limehouse, on the subject of co-operation and Chartism.

ROTHERHITHE. — Men of Rotherhithe, a free public lecture will be delivered by Mr. Roberts, of Bermondsey, at Bailey's Temperance Coffee House, Church Passage, near Rotherhithe Old Church, on Sunday evening next, at eight o'clock. Subject— “ The Repeal of the Union, and the means to obtain it."

LONDON. — Mr. Illingworth will lecture on Sunday evening at the Three Crowns, Richmond-street.

REGENT-STREET. — Mr. Mantz will lecture at the Crown Coffee House, Beak-street, on Sunday evening.

OLD BAILEY. — Mr. Balls will lecture at 55, Old Bailey, on Sunday evening next. Mr. Rouse will lecture at the same place, on Tuesday evening.

SHOREDITCH. — Mr. Sewell will lecture at the Albion Coffee House, on Sunday evening.

MILE END. — Mr. Farrer will leoture at the Queen's Head, Cambridge Road, on Sunday next,

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Seuthie will lecture at the King and Queen, Foley-place, on Sunday evening.

FULHAM ROAD. — Mr. Farrer will lecture at the Stag Tavern, on Monday evening next.

LIMEHOUSE. — Mr. Fussell will lecture at the Victoria, 3, Colt-street, on Wednesday evening next.

ST PAUL'S. — Mr. Anderson will leoture on Monday evening, at the Grotto Coffee House, Old Fish-street.

CLERKENWELL. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture at tho Sohool Room, King-street, on Tuesday evening.

BATH PLACE, NEW ROAD. — Mr. Rouse will lecture at the Archery Rooms, on Sunday evening.

OLD ST PANCRAS ROAD. — Mr. Anderson will lecture at the Goldbeater's Arms, on Sunday evening.

BRICK LANE. — Mr. Martin will lecture at Carpenter’s Arms, on Sunday evening.

OLD STREET. - Ruffy Ridley will lecture at the Cannon Coffee House, on Sunday next.

GOLDEN LANE. — Mr. Fussell will lecture at the Star Coffee House, on Sunday evening.

LEICESTER SQUARE. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture at the Clock House, Castle-street, on Sunday evening.

GLOBE FIELDS. — Mr. Ferguson will lecture at the Hit-or-Miss, West-street, on Sunday evening.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Ruffy Ridley will lecture at the Working Men's Hall, 5, Circus-street, New-row, Marylebone, on Sunday, June 5th, at half-past seven o'clock.

HORNS TAVERN, BERMONDSEY LOCALITY. — Messrs. Rose and Ball were elected to serve on the delegate meeting, on Sunday next. Each member is earnestly requested to attend a Special meeting on Monday evening next, for the purpose of balloting for the Executive for the ensuing year, and also other important business.

POTTERIES. — A public meeting of the Hanley and Shelton Charter Association will take place, on Monday evening, June 6sh, for the purpose of electing a member to the Executive Council. All the members are desired to attend.

Messrs. Skevington and Baker will pay their Chartist friends of Whitwick, a visit on Monday next, at ten o'clock, and address them on the present prospects of Chartism. Mr. Smart of Battle Flat, is expected to meet them and assist them.

CAMBERWELL. — Members of this locality are particularly requested to attend on Monday next, at eight o’clock p.m., at the Montpelier Tavern, when business of great importance will be laid before them.

Notice. — The Provisional Committee, appointed to carry out the benefit at the theatre, request all localities to see that their delegates attend on Monday evening, June 6th, at half-past eight o'clock, at the Craven Head, Drury-lane, for the purpose of paying in all monies on account of tickets sold, and giving in an acoount of those unsold, as £40 must be paid previous to the opening of the theatre doors, on the Wednesday evening ; all persons holding tickets, not previously settled for, will he expected to settle the same on Thursday evening, on the 9th day of June, at the Craven Head, at half-past eight o'clock.

STALYBRIDGE. — Mr. Jeremiah Lane, from Manchester, will deliver a lecture in the National Charter Association Room, on Sunday evening, the 5th of June, to commence at six o'clock.

George Evans's Route. —Redditch Green, June the 8th ; Studley, the 9th ; and Bridford the 10th.

A Delegate Meeting will be held at Wednesbury on Sunday afternoon, upon very important business, and delegates from the following places are requested to attend - Dudley, Walsall, Tipton, Sedgley, Wolverhampton, Darlaston, and Wednesbury.

DEWSBURY. — The Dewsbury Chartists are required to attend their rooms over the Stores, on Tuesday, the 7th day of June, at eight P. M. to transact important business in connexion with the the Executive.

BARNSLEY. — Mr. P. M. Brophy, of Dublin, will deliver a lecture on the necessity of union and perseverance, for the obtainment of the People's Charter, on Monday evening, June 6th, in the large School Boom under the Odd Fellows' Hall. Lecture to commence at eight o'clock precisely. Admission, one penny, to defray expences.

HALIFAX. — Mr. Brophy, of Dublin, will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Lecture Boom, Swan Coppice on Monday evening, June 13th. The chair to be taken at eight o'clock.

HUDDERSFIELD. — Mr. James Shaw will lecture on Wednesday evening, June 8th, in the Association Room, Dalton. The chair to be taken at eight o’clock. Discussion invited.

HONLEY. — A district delegate meeting will be held here on Sunday, the 12th of June, at one o'clock in the afternoon. Those parties having Repeal sheets are requested to hand them in to the District Secretary on that day.

OLDHAM. - On Sunday next, Mr. James Pontefract will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at six o'clock in the evening; and at Waterhead Mill, at two o'clock in the afternoon of the same day.

Camp Meeting. — On Sunday, June 12th, a camp meeting will be held on Oldham Edge, to commence at two o'clock in the afternoon, ana at six in the evening, Mr. James Leach, Mr. David Ross, Mr. C. Doyle, and Mr. William Bell are expected to attend.	

BRADFORD. — A Chartist Camp Meeting will be held on Sunday (to-morrow,) when a number of friends from Bradford will address the meeting ; to commence at two o'clock in the afternoon. 

KEIGHLEY. — A Chartist Camp Meeting will be held on Moss Carr, Long Lee, near Keighley, on Sunday, to-morrow, at one o'clock in the afternoon. Messrs. Dewhirst and Edwards from Bradford, and other friends, will address the meeting. Mr. Doyle from Manchester is also expected. Mr. Edwards will preach in the Working Man's Hall in the evening, at half-past five o'clock.

DEWSBURY DISTRICT. — A District Council Meeting will be held at Mr. Benjamin Bromley's, Batley, on Sunday, June 5th at two o'clock in the afternoon. Delegates from the whole of the district are desired to attend.

Mr. West’s Route. — Monday June 6th, at Heckmondwicke ; Tuesday, Earlsheaten ; Wednesday, Overton ; Thursday, Hanging-heaton ; Friday, Birstal; Saturday, Dawgreen.

DAWLEY GREEN. — On Monday Bronterre O'Brien, Esq., will deliver an out-door lecture at Dawley Green, at seven o'clock; and an indoor lecture on Tuesday evening, either in that neighbourhood or the neighbourhood of Ironbridge.

BAILDON GREEN. — A Chartist camp meeting will be held on Sunday (to-morrow), on Baildon Green, at two o’clock in the afternoon. Mr. Arran and others will attend.

BIRKENSHAW. — Messrs. Dewhirst and Edwards will lecture at this place on Sunday evening next, at half-past six o'clock.

LITTLE HORTON. — Mr. J. W. Smyth wilL lecture in the Chartist Chapel here, on Sunday (to-morrow), at six o'clock in the evening. Subject—" Machinery and capital."

MONKWEARMOUTH. — Mr. Williams and others will speak at this place on Tuesday evening next, at eight o’clock.

DURHAM. — On Monday, June 13th, Mr. Williams will lecture in the Market Place, at seven o'clock in the evening.

Mr. James Duffy lectures at Sheffield, on Monday, June 6th; Chesterfield, on Wednesday, the 8th; Matlock, on Thursday, the 9th ; Belper, on Friday, the 10th ; Sutton- in- Ashfield, on Saturday, the 11th; Mansfield, on Monday, the 13th : and Derby, on Tuesday, tho 14th.	

STAFFORD AND SALOP. — A delegate meeting of the counties of Salop and Stafford. will be held at Newport, Salop, on Sunday, June 19th.

Mr. John Pepper will preach at Kayworth, near Nottingham, next Sunday if the weather permit, at two o'clock in the afternoon, and at six in the evening.

SHEFFIELD. - Mr. P. M. Brophy will address the Chartists of Sheffield, on the site of the Old Sugar House, top of Sheffield Moor, on Sunday, June 5th, at half-past two o'clock. N.B. If the weather is unfavourable, the meeting will assemble in the Fig-tree Lane Room. —In the evening Mr. Brophy will deliver a second address in the National Charter Association Room, Fig-tree Lane, at half-post seven o'clock.	

Political Institute. —On Sunday (to-morrow) evening, a friend will preach in the above place, at half-past seven o'clock.

On Monday Evening, at seven o'clock, the ballot will take place for the election of the new Executive, when every member is particularly requested to attend.

Lecture. — On Monday evening next, Mr. William Gill will lecture. Subject—" What constitutes real liberty?" Admission free.

HANSWORTH WOODHOUSE. — Mr. Samuel Parkes, from Sheffield, will preach at the Market Cross, Woodhouse, on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, at six o'clock.

ACKWORTH, NEAR PONTEFRACT. —  Mr. G. Julian Harney will leoture at Ackworth on Wednesday evening, June 8th. A publio meeting will be held on Thursday, the 9th, to adopt the remonstrance and memorial.

NEWTON HEATH. — Mr. Thomas Clark, of Stock-port, will lecture here on Sunday evening next, at six o'clock.

BIRMINGHAM. — Mr. Smith Lindon will lecture on Tuesday evening next, at half-past seven o'clock, on the open ground near the Asylum, Summer-lane.

HEYWOOD. — Mr. Smethurst, of Oldham, will lecture in the Association Room, Hartley-street, tomorrow evening (Sunday),at six o'clock.

HOLLINWOOD. — Mr. Wm. Bell, of Heywood, will lecture here on Sunday evening (to-morrow), at six o’clock.

SHAW.— A public lecture will be delivered here on Wednesday evening next, at half-past seven o'clock.

BIRSTAL. — Mr. West will preach here on Sunday, at half-past two o'clock.

BIRKENSHAW. — Mr. West will preach here on Sunday evening, at half-past six o'clock.

WAKEFIELD. — Mr. Brophy will lecture on Tuesday next, in the Corn-market, at eight o'clock.

HOLMFIRTH. — Two sermons will be preached in the Association Room, June 5th, at two o’clock p.m. by Mr. G. Brook ; and at six o'clock in the evening, by Mr. J. Bray, on behalf of Mr. Christopher Wood, who is suffering in Rothwell gaol, in consequence of having proposed one of the Chartist candidates at the last West Riding election. For so doing he was dismissed from his employment; and tho consequent embarrassment has ended in his being lodged in gaol.

HOLBECK. — A lecture will be delivered, on Sunday (to morrow) evening, in the National Charter Association Room, Holbeck Bridge, by Mr. Briggs. The lecture to commence precisely at six o’clook.

BIRSTAL. — Mr. T. B. Smith will leoture here on Saturday (this evening), “ On the acquisition and true use of knowledge.”

DOGHOUSE. — Mr. T. B. Smith will preaoh three sermons here on Sunday (to-morrow); in the morning, at ten o’clock, " On the duties of Christians, in reference to the social and political arrangements of society in the afternoon, at two o’clock, " On the evils resulting from au indulgence in vicious habitsand in the evening, at six o'clock, " On the valley of dry bones.”

BELFAST. — Mr. Bernard M'Cartney, of Liverpool, will bo in Belfast on Tuesday next, June 7th, by the steam-packet.	

MANCHESTER. — On Sunday (to-morrow); two lectures will be delivered in the Carpenters' Hall; in the afternoon by Mr. R. K. Philp, from Bath, and in the evening by Dr. P. M. M'Douall.

General Meeting. — A general meeting of Chartists will be held in the Carpenters' Hall, on Sunday (to-morrow), at ten o'clock in the forenoon. The members are desired to be punctual in their attendance.

NEWTON HEATH. — A Chartist camp meeting will be held here on Sunday (to-morrow), at two o'clock in the afternoon, when the following gentlemen arc expected to address the meeting - Mr. W. Bell, from Heywood, Mr. D. Ross, from Manchester, and Dr. McDouall.

Lecture. — Mr. R. K. Philp will lecture in the Association Room here, on Sunday (tomorrow), in the evening.

LEEDS. — Mr. William Holiday will lecture in the Association Room here on Sunday evening, at half-past six o'clock.

WOODHOUSE. — Mr. John Smith will lecture in the Association Room here on Wednesday evening next. at eight o’clock.

ARMLEY. — Mr. Fraser will lecture in the Association Room here on Monday evening next, at eight o'clock.

HUNSLET. — Messrs. A. Smith and Newhall. will lecture in the Temperance News Room, on Tuesday night, at eight o'clock.

Mr. Mason’s Routes— On Sunday, at Aston-street, Birmingham, at seven in the evening; at Walsall on Monday ; at Tipton on Wednesday; and at Dudley on Thursday.	

A special Conference of Chartists will be held at the Black Horse Inn, Prospect Row, on Tuesday evening next, at eight o'clock, to. which all the members are particularly invited, as business of first importance will be brought forward.
