London.-Cannon Coffee House, Old street.- Mr. Anderson will lecture here on Sunday.

Star Coffee House.-Mr.Knight will lecture here on Sunday evening.


Clock House, Castle-street, Leicester-square.-Mr. Fussell will lecture here on Sunday.

Three Crowns, Richmond-street.- Mr.Ridley will lecture here on Sunday evening, at eight o'clock precisely.

55, Old Bailey.-Mr. Martyn will lecture here on Sunday evening, and Mr. Balls on Tuesday evening.

Queen's Head, Cambridge Road.-Mr. Duffield will lecture here on Sunday evening.

Crown Coffee House.-Mr. Ridley will lecture here on Sunday, at nine o'clock precisely.

Black Bull, Hammersmith Road,-Mr. Fussell will lecture here on Monday evening.

Rose and Crown, Camberwell.-Mr, Anderson will lecture here on Monday evening.

Stag Tavern, Fulham Road.-Mr. Balls will lecture here on Monday evening.

School Room, King-street, Clerkenwell- Mr. Ferguson will lecture here on Tuesday evening.

Victoria, 3, Colt-street, Limehouse.-Mr. Ridley will lecture here on Wednesday evening.

Albion, Shoreditch.-Mr. Farrer will lecture at this place on Sunday evening.

Buck's Head.-Mr. Dowling will lecture here on Sunday evening.

Hit or Miss.-Mr. Illingworth will lecture here on Sunday evening.

Mr. Wheeler will lecture, on Tuesday evening, at the Association Rooms, Reading. A tea-party will be held on the Monday,

Archery Rooms, New Road.-Mr, Jones will lecture here on Sunday evening.

Goldbeater's Arms, Somer's Town.-Mr. Mantz will lecture here on Sunday evening,

Carpenter's Arms, Brick-lane.-Mr. Rouse will lecture here on Sunday evening.

Mr. Ferguson will lecture at, No.1 China Walk, Lambeth, on Sunday evading, at seven o'clock.

Marylebone.-Dr. P. M, M'ouall will lecture at the Working Men's Hall, 5, Circus*street, New Road, Marylebone, on Sunday, at half-past seven o’clock.

Rose and Crown, Walworth Road.-Mr, Anderson will lecture at the above place, on Monday evening next. The chair to be taken at eight o'clock. Members are earnestly requested to attend early, as business of importance requires their presence.

Finsbury.-It is particularly requested that the Chartists of this locality will attend on Monday evening next. A friend to the cause will lecture, on Tuesday evening. June 21st, at the King-street Lecture Room, All the Members of the General Council will please to attend on Wednesday, the 22nd instant.

Mr. Fergusson will lecture at Blackraoor's Coffee House, 1, China Walk, on Sunday evening, at eight o'clock. Lectures will be delivered every Sunday evening till further notice.

Rochdale.-Mr. John Bailey, of Manchester, will lecture here on Sunday, in the Chartist Room, at half-past two, and six in the evening.

A Chartist Camp Meeting will be held on Sunday, the 26th inst., on Calderbrook Moor, to commence at half-past two in the afternoon.

Mr. Clark, of Stockport, is expected to lecture at Stafford on Wednesday next.

Huddersfield.-Mr. James Leach will lecture on Friday evening next, the 24th, in the Guild Hall, Bull and Mouth-street. Chair to be taken at half past seven o'clook.

Heigh-head Green.-There will be a camp-meeting held on Heigh-head Green, in Langfield, on Sunday (to-morrow), to commence at two o'clock; Mr. Shaw and Mr. Clayton, of Huddersfield; and Mr. Wheelwright of Mytholmroyd, will address the meeting.

Adwalton.- A public meeting will be held at this place on Monday evening next, at half-past seven, for the purpose of memorialising her Majesty to dismiss her ministers, and also agree to a remonstrance to the House of Commons.

Leeds.-Mr. R. Gamage, from Northampton, will deliver a lecture in the Association Room, on Sunday night, at half-past six o'clock.

Holbeck.- A lecture will be delivered in the Association Room, on Sunday night, at half-past six o'clock.

Wortley.- A camp meeting will be held on Wortley Moor, at two o'clook on Sunday, when Messrs Frazer, Dixon, Longstaff, and Beaumont will address the meeting. A sermon will also be preached in the Association Room the same evening, at half-past five o'clock.

Armley.-Mr. Briggs, of Leeds, will lecture here on Monday night, at eight o'clock.

Hunslet.-Mr. Longstaff will lecture here on Tuesday night, at eight o'clock.

Woodhouse.-Mr. Wilson, of Leeds, will lecture here, on Wednesday night, at half-past seven o'clock.

Wortley.-Mr. John Smith will lecture here on Tuesday night, at eight o'clock.

District Meeting.-The District Delegate Meeting will be holden, in the Armley Association Room, on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock. Delegates are requested to be punctual in attendance.

Leeds.-An adjourned meeting of the Association will be held this evening, (Saturday,) at nine o'clock, in the room.

A Chartist Camp Meeting will be held at Yeadon Moor, near the Peacock Inn, on Sunday (to-morrow) when Messrs, Arran, Alderson, and Smyth will address the meeting.

Holbeck.-Mr. West lectures to-morrow at two and six o'clook.	-

Ashton under-Lyne.-A delegate meeting will be hold in the Chartist room, Charlestown, near Ashton- under-Lyne, on Sunday, the 26ch June, at ten o'clock in the morning, to take into consideration the best means of organising the district. Deputies from the following places are requested to attend:- Stalybridge, Hyde, Dukinfield, Mossley, Hooley-
hill, Droylsden, and Mottram.