LONDON. — An Elocution and Dramatic class for mutual instruction upon the above subjects, is held every Thursday evening, at the City of London Political and Scientific Institution. Persons desirous of joining are invited to attend.

A public meeting of the shareholders of the City of London Political and Scientific Institution, will be held on Monday evening, to elect a general secretary; and receive the report or the auditors.

City of London Political and Scientific Institution. — Professor Wale will lecture here on Sunday eveniug. Subject—The past, present, and future.

Mr. Mantz will deliver the third of a course of lectures on the French Revolution, on Sunday morning at the same place.

A Public Meeting on the Repeal of the Union will be held on Sunday evening, at the Star, Golden-lane.

STAR COFFEE HOUSE, GOLDEN LANE. — A public meeting will be held on Sunday evening next, at half-past seven, to take into consideration the necessity for the Repeal of the Union. Messrs. Bolwell, Wheeler, and Beveral of the sons of Erin, will address the meeting.

The London Victim Fund Committee are requested to meet on Wednesday evening, at the Political and Scientific Institution, on business of importance.

Mr. Brown will lecture on Sunday afternoon, at three o’clock, on Kennington Common.

An Harmonic Meeting will bo held at the Feathers, Warren-street, Tottenham-Court-Road, on Tuesday next, ateighfc o’clock. The proceeds to be given to Mrs. Richards, the bed-ridden wife of poor Richards. Admission, two-pence each.

Working Mens' Hall, 29 1/2 Mile End Road,— Mr. Grew lectures here on Sunday morning, at half-past ten o’clock in the forenoon; and Mr. Sherrard in the evening, at half-past seven ; and on Tuesday evening, at eight o'clock, a meeting of the General Council of this locality will take place, when every member of the Council, it is hoped, will consider it his duty to attend.

An adjourned discussion will take place in the above Hall, on Wednesday evening, at eight o’clock, upon the Repeal of the Union.

TOWER HAMLETS. — The General Council of the Hamlets will meet on Sunday next, at five o’clock in the afternoon, at the Crown and Anchor, Waterloo-Town.

Mr. M'Grath will deliver a lecture at Mr. Drake’s, the “ Standard of Liberty,” Brick-lane, on Sunday evening, at eight o’clock.

CLERKENWELL. — On Monday evening next, a lecture by Mr. Cowan, and discussion, will take place at Lunt’s Old Coffee House, opposite the Sessions House, Clerkenwell-Green, on the Repeal of the Union with Ireland.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Skelton will lecture on Sunday evening next, at the Mechanics’ Institution, Circus-street, New Road, at half-past seven o’clock.

MANCHESTER. — A meeting of the South Lancashire delegates will take place in the National Charter Association Room, Brown-street, on Sunday next. A numerous attendance of delegates is particularly requested, as the business is of the utmost importance. Chair to be taken at one o’clock in the afternoon.

The Sunday School, for children of all denominations, in connection with the Chartist Association, of the Manchester locality, will be opened on Sunday next, in the Carpenter’s Hall. The conductors and teachers, who have been selected with the greatest care, both as regards abilities and character, will be in attendance to receive the children at nine o’clook in the morning. Parents are requested to send their children as clean and neat as possible.

Lectures will be delivered in the Carpenter’s Hall, on Sunday, by the Rev. W. Jackson, in the afternoon and evening.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — The Chartists of this place will meet on Sunday next, when a full attendance is requested, as business of great importance will be brought before them. All letters for the Association must be directed to Wm. Emmett, No. 5, Portland-Street.

KEIGHLEY. — The monthly delegate meeting of this district will be holden in the Working Man’s Hall, Sun-street, Keighley, on Sunday June 25th, at nine o’clock in the forenoon. A full attendance of delegates is requested. Mr. D. Ross, from Manchester, will be present at the meeting.

HOLMFIRTH. — Mr. Shaw, from Huddersfield, will lecture in the Chartists Ronm, Ribbledon road, near the National School, on Sunday, at half-past two in the afternoon.

Mr. David Ross, from Manchester, will deliver two lectures in the Chartist Room, Holmfirth, on Monday and Tuesday evening. Subjects—Elocution and Total Abstinence. Lectures to commence at eight o’clock.

Mr. John Pepper will preach at Silston next Sunday night at six o’clock.

A Camp Meeting will be held at Kirkby Folley, on the 25th of June, at ten o’clock and two, and at Sutton at six o’clock at night. When Messrs. Pepper of Silston Grange, Harrison, of Calverton, and others will address the meeting.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday (to-morrow) a lecture will be delivered in the Chartist Room, Grcaves-street, at six o’clock in the evening, by a friend. Also on Monday, at eight o'clock in the evening, Mr. M‘Cabe will deliver his second lecture on repeal and the history of Ireland.

HALIFAX. — Mr. Snowden will lecture here on Sunday (to-morrow) at six o'clock in the evening.

SIDDALL. — Mr. J. Greenwood, of Wariey, will address the Chartists of Siddall on Sunday next, at six o’clock in the evening.

BROMPTON. — The General Council are particularly requested to meet the sub-Secretary on next Tuesday evening at eight o’clock, at their late meeting
place, to take into consideration the best means of re-organising the locality and other important business.

LEICESTER. — Mr. Bairstow will lecture in the Pasture next Sunday morning, at half-past ten o’clock, and in the evening, at six o’clock, in the Market-place. The subject in the morning—Ireland; the Repeal of the Union; and the prospects of Democracy.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. E. P. Mead will deliver lectures here on Sunday next.

SHEFFIELD. — Fig Tree-lane. — The Northern Star and Nation will be read as usual on Sunday evening, commencing at six o’clock. A public discussion at eight o’clock.

A public meeting will be held in the Fig Tree-lane Room, on Monday evening. Chair to be taken at half-past seven o’clock.

A Camp meeting will be held on the Sabden side of Pendle Hill, near to the road leading from Sabden to Clitheroe, on Sunday, June 18th, at twelve o’clock at noon, when Mr. D. Ross and other parties from Manchester will address the meeting.

The North Lancashire Delegate Meeting will be held in the Social Institution, Padiham, on Suuday, June 25th, The delegates are desired to come fully prepared to vote on the following questions, viz.:—first, the new Executive; second, the new plan of organization ; third, a district lecturer.

BIRMINGHAM MONTHLY CONFERENCE. — In consequence of the Repeal meeting on Monday night last, this conference was again prevented, but it will positively be held on Monday evening, June 19, at the Royal Oak, Great Charles-street, when the attendance of every Chartist is requested.

ROCHDALE. — On Sunday, June 25th, a Camp Meeting will be held on Bagslate Common, near Rochdale, to commence at two o’clook in the afternoon, when several speakers from Manchester and Rochdale are expected to attend.

On Sunday, the 25th inst., the North Lancashire Delegate Meeting will take place at the Socialist’s Room, Padiham, when delegates from all localities in North Lancashire are expected to attend. The meeting to begin at twelve o’clock at noon.

TODMORDEN. — There will be a Camp Meeting on Slate Pit Hills, between Bacup and Todmorden, next Sunday but one, the 25th inst., to be addressed by Mr, James Leech, of Manchester, and Mr. C. Doyle.

LEEDS DISTRICT. - A General Council meeting will be holden to-morrow afternoon, in the Chartist Room, Cheapside, on important business, to commence at half-past one o’clock.

LEEDS. — A concert and ball will take place in the Chartist Room, Cheapside, this evening, Saturday, at seven o clock. On Monday evening, the Nation and Northern Star will be read, to commence at eight o'clock.

LEEDS DISTRICT. — Mr. David Ross, of Manchester, will lecture at Leeds, Holbeck, Hunslet, Wood-house, Armley, Bramley, and Morley, commencing on the 26th instant. Particulars in next week’s Star.

LEEDS. — A lecture will be delivered in the Chartist room, Cheapside, to morrow evening, at half-past six o’clock.

Notice. — if the friends at Woodhouse and Hunslet will make the necessary arrangements for public meetings on Woodhouse Carr, on Tuesday evening ; on Hunslet Carr, on Wednesday evening; and at Rothwell, on Thursday evening next, Mr. T. B, Smith will have great pleasure in addressing them. Any communication addressed to Mr. Smith, at the Association Room, Holbeck, on Sunday evening, will be attended to.

DERBY. — Mr. Clarke, of Stockport, will deliver two addresses on Sunday next, in the Market-place; in the morning, at ten; and at six o’clock in the evening.
