LONDON. — Mr. Farrer will lecture on the Corn Laws, on Sunday, in the Archery Rooms, Bath-place, New-road.

MR. ROUSE will lecture on Sunday, at the Goldbeaters’ Arms, Old St. Pancras-road.

MR. FERGUSON will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Carpenters’ Arms, Brick-lane.

MR. DOWLING will lecture at the Hit or Miss, Globe Fields, on Sunday evening.

MR. WHEELER will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Cannon Coffee House, Old-street,

MR. ILLINGWORTH will lecture at the Star Coffee House, Golden-lane, on Sunday evening.

MR. DUFFIELD will lecture on Sunday evening, at nine o’clock precisely, at the Clock House, Castle-street, Leicester-square.

MR. ANDERSON will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Three Crowns, Richmond-street.

THE ADJOURNED delegate meeting will be held at the Star Coffee House, Golden-lane, on Sunday morning, at nine o’clock.

MR. RIDLEY will lecture at the Albion, Shoreditch, on Sunday evening.

MR. FUSSEL will lecture on Sunday evening, and Mr. Ridley on Tuesday evening, at 55, Old Bailey.

MR. MANTZ will lecture at the Buck’s Head, on Sunday evening.

MR. MARTYN will will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Queen’s Head, Cambridge-road.

MR. ROUSE will lecture at the Stag Tavern, Fulham-road, on Monday evening.

MR. ANDERSON will lecture at the School Room, King-street, Compton-street, Clerkenwell, on Tuesday evening.

MR. FARRER will lecture at the Victoria, 3, Colt-Street , Limehouse, on Wednesday evening.

SHOREDITCH, ALBION COFFEE HOUSE, CHURCH-STREET. — The members of this locality, are requested to attend on Sunday, (to-morrow) as business of importance will require their particular attention.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Jones, the West Riding lecturer, will lecture at the Workingmen’s Hall, 5, Circus-street. New Road, Marylebone, on Sunday next, June the 13th, at half-past, seven o’clock.

THE MEMBERS of the Marylebone Association are requested to attend at the Working Men’s Hall, on Sunday evening, June the 13th, at half-past seven o’clock.

NOTICE. — Weekly meetings of the Chartists of Camberwell are held every Monday evening, at eight o’clock, at the Rose and Crown, Walworth Road. Mr. John Savill will lecture at the above place on Monday evening next. Chair to be taken at eight o’clock.

FINSBURY. — The Chartists of Finsbury are requested to attend at the Aylesbury Coffee House, Aylesbury Street, on Monday evening next, on important business connected with the new Executive. All the members are also earnestly desired to pay in their arrears, due to the locality, as the General Council are anxious to have a settlement of the pecuniary affairs.

MOSSLEY. — Isaac Barrow, will preach here, in the Chartist Room, Brookbottom, on Sunday, June 19th, in the afternoon and evening. The evening service will be the funeral sermon of Henry Frost. A collection will be made after each sermon to defray the expences incurred in fitting up and cleaning the the room.

MR. MITCHELL will lecture at the following places during the ensuing week:-New Mills, this evening, Saturday, the 11th; Hazlegrove, Sunday; Macclesfield, Monday; Congletcon, Tuesday; Wilmslow, Wednesday; Northwich, Thursday; Middlewich, Friday; Nantwich, Saturday; and City of Chester, on Monday the 20th.

LEAMINGTON. — On Wednesday and Thursday evenings, June 15th and 16th, Mr. Bairstow will deliver lectures here. Subjects:—1st. "The condition of England question." 2nd. "The People’s Charter."

MR. E. P. MEAD of Birmingham, will visit the Derby Chartists on Monday, the 13th June:— Belper, on Tuesday, and the localities surrounding it, during the week. If they will communicate their arrangements to Mr. Vickers, of Belper, E. P. Mead will visit them all in turn.

MR. WEST'S ROUTE:-On Monday, June 13th, at Batley Carr; Tuesday, Wakefield; Wednesday, Potovens; Thursday, Thornhill Edge; Friday, Hightown; Saturday, Horbury.

NEWHAVEN, NEAR LEITH. — Mr. Tankard will preach in Newhaven next Sunday, and a collection will be made on behalf of Frost, Williams, and Jones.

SUNDERLAND. — On Sunday morning, at nine o’clock, Mr. Pierce will speak on the Town Moor, and in the afternoon, at two o’clock, Mr. Williams will speak at the same place.

MONKWEARMOUTH. — On Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock, a meeting will be held, at this place, at the Chartist, Hall, behind Dundas-straet, and near the North Bridge Road.

DURHAM. — On Monday evening, Mr. Williams will speak at this place, in the Market-place, at seven o’clock.

RICHMOND. — On Monday evening, June 20th, and Tuesday, June 21st., Mr. Williams will deliver lectures at this place, in the Theatre.

HALIFAX. — The next monthly delegate meeting of this district will be held in the Chartist Association Room, Lower Warley, on Tuesday, June 12th, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

MR. JONES'S Route for the following week:— Nottingham Forest, on Sunday, at two and six o’clock; Old Basford,on Monday; Warrington, on Tuesday; Hucknall Torkard, on Wednesday; Rancliffe Arms, on Saturday evening.

STAFFORD. — Messrs. Hunnible, Ward, and Peplow preach at Sandon and the surrounding villages on Sunday evening next.

MR. MEAD will preach at ten on Sunday morning, on the Forest.

HALIFAX. — The Chartist meetings are removed from Copper-street to George-street, back of the Bull’s Head Inn. The rooms are opened on Monday and Saturday evenings. On Monday, the 27th inst., there will be a tea-party, after which recitations, toasts, &c.

HOLBECK. — A political sermon will be preached in the Chartist Association Room, Holbeck Bridge, on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, at six o’clock, by Mr. Holliday, of Edinburgh, who will also deliver a Chartist lecture in the same room, on Monday evening, at half-past seven o’clock.

BARNSLEY. — A public meeting will be held in the School Room, under the Odd Fellows’ Hall, where business of importance will be transacted.

COLNE. — There will be a Camp Meeting on the Sabden side of Pendle Hill, on Sunday next, at one o’clock in the afternoon.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Crowther, of Oldham, will lecture here on Sunday (to-morrow) at half-past two, and six in the evening.

MR. BROPHY, of Dublin, will lecture in the Association Room, Yorkshire-street, on Wednesday, the 15th inst., the chair to be taken at eight o’clock.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr. Samuel Parkes will preaoh at Wadsley on Sunday afternoon, at three o’clock. The members and friends of the Charter Association will assemble at half-past one o’clock in the Fig-tree Lane Room, to depart for Wadsley at two o’clock.

MR. EDWIN GILL will lecture in the Fig-tree Lane Room, on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, at eight o’clock.

A DISCUSSION will take place in the above room on Monday evening next, on an important question, to commence at eight o'clock, Mr. Parkes will open the discussion.

A MEETING of members will be held in the above room on Tuesday evening.

THE YOUTH'S ASSOCIATION will meet in the above room on Wednesday evening next, at eight o’clock.

BRADFORD. — The Rev. W. V. Jackson, of Manchester, will preach three sermons in Philadelphia Chapel, Spring-street, on Sunday next. A collection will be made after each sermon, for the purpose of building a chapel for the Rev. Gentleman.

SALOP AND STAFFORD. — A delegate meeting of the above counties will take place at Newport, Salop, on Sunday, June l9th. All Associations in the two counties are requested to send delegates, as business of importance will be brought before them connected with the appointment of a lecturer, &c. The delegates, on arriving, will inquire for Mr. Frederick Macklin, hair-dresser, who will conduct them to the place of meeting.

BIRKINSHAW. — A Chartist camp meeting will be held at this place, on Sunday next, at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon. Messrs. Dewhirst and Edwards will attend.

HUDDERSFIELD. — The members are required to attend at the Association Room, Upperhead-row on Monday evening, at eight o’clock precisely, on business of great importance.

HONLEY. — A district delegate meeting will be held at Honley on Sunday, (to-morrow,) chair to be taken at one o’clock, when those parties holding petition sheets for the Repeal of the Legislative Union are requested to hand them in to the district Secretary immediately. After the business is concluded a lecture will be delivered in the Association Room by Mr. Edward Clayton, chair to be taken at six o’clock. Discussion invited.

MORELY. — A meeting will be held in the open air at this place on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock; Messrs. Dewhirst and Edwards from Bradford will address the meeting.

STROUD. — A public tea meeting and soiree will be held on Monday next, at the tea gardens of Mr. Aldridge, Florons’ Villa. Tickets 9d. each. Tea at five o’clock. A band will be in attendance. Chartists, meet to maintain your cause.

YEADON MOOR. — A Chartist camp meeting will be held at this place, near the Peacock Inn, on Sunday week, the 19th inst. when several friends from Bradford will be present and address the meeting.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday next a Chartist camp meeting will take near the White House, Oldham-Edge, to commence at two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six in the evening, when addresses will be delivered by the following gentlemen, viz. Mr. D. Ross, Mr. Littler, Mr. C. Doyle, Mr. Wm. Dixon, and Mr. Wm. Bell.

NEWCASTLE. — A special meeting of the Chartists of Newcastle-upon-Tyne will be held in the Chartist's Hall, Goat Inn, Cloth Market, on Monday evening, the 13th instant, at eight o’clock. Every member is required to attend.

ROCK, LISSON GROVE. — Mr. Watkins will deliver a lecture at the Rock Locality of carpenters and joiners, Lisson Grove, on Tuesday evening. Chair to be taken at eight o’clock.

COALBROOK DALE. — Mr. Mogg will preach at Oaken Gates next Sunday afternoon.

TODMORDEN. — On Sunday (to-morrow), Messrs. William and Henry Helliwell, John Dean, George Beecroft, and Enoch Horsfall, will address the people at Blackshowhead, in Stansfield, when it is hoped that there will be a great number in attendance.

ASHTON. — A Chartist camp meeting will be held here on Sunday next.

SHEFFIELD POLITICAL INSTITUTE. — A lecture will be delivered in the above place next Monday evening at eight o’clock.

NOTICE. — Weekly meetings of the Chartists of Camberwell are held every Monday evening, at eight o’clock, at the Rose and Crown, Walworth Road. Mr. John Saveli will lecture at the above place on Monday evening next. The chair to be taken at eight o’clock.

LUDDENDEN. — Mr. Benjamin Rushton, of Ovenden, will preaoh at Dry Carr Slack, in Luddenden Dean, at half-past two o’clock on Sunday (to morrow.)

MIDGLEY. - Mr. Rushton, of Ovenden, will preach at Midgley, on Sunday (to-morrow,) at six o’clock in the evening.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE. - MR. BELL'S ROUTE. — At Leigh, on Monday, June 13th; Ashton-le-Willows, on the 14th; Newton-le-Willows, on the 15th; Warrington, on the 16th; St, Helen's, on the 17th; Prescot, on the 18th; Liverpool, on the 19th; Ormskirk, on the 20th; Uphalland on the 21st; Wigan, on the 22nd; Hindley, on the 23rd; and West Houghton, on the 24th.

SOUTH ESSEX. — Dr. M'Douall will deliver a lecture at the Assembly Room, Bird in Hand, Stratford, on Wednesday next.

DUKINFIELD. — Mr. David Ross, of Manchester, will deliver a lecture an the Chartist Room, Hall Green, on Thursday evening next, at half past seven o’clock.

DENHOLME. — A public meeting will be held on Sunday the l2th inst., in the open air, near the Manuels Gate Bar, Denholme, when the following persons are expected to address the meeting:-Mr. John Campbell, Mr. Benjamin Rushworth, Mr. Dewhirst, and Mr. J. Breconley.

SOUTHWARK. — Men of London! show your loyalty to your Queen, by attending the public meeting at the Town Hall, Southwark, on Monday next—chair taken by the High Bailiff, at twelve o'clock. Meet in your majesty!

HOLBECK AND ARMLEY. — Mr. T. B. Smith will preach at Holbeck in the afternoon at two o’clock, and at Armley at six o’clock on Sunday, June 19. The friends at each place are requested to make the sary arrangements.

LEEDS. — Messrs. Longstaff and Jones will lecture in the Association Room on Sunday night, at half-past six o’clock.

HUNSLET. — Mr. John Smith will lecture here on Tuesday night, at eight o’clock.

WORTLEY. — Mr. Longstaff will lecture here on Tuesday night, at eight o’clock.

WOODHOUSE. — Mr. Fraser will lecture here on Wednesday night, at eight o’clock.

ARMLEY. — Mr. S. Nussey will lecture here on Monday night, at eight o’clock.

HOLBECK. — Mr. Wm. Holliday will lecture in the Association Room on Sunday night, at half-past six o’clock.

CHORWELL. — Mr. John Smith will lecture here on Wednesday night, at eight o’clock.

MORELY. — Mr. John Smith will lecture here on Friday night, at eight o’clock.