HECKMONDWIKE. -	Mr. Clisset will preach a sermon in Heckmondwike Market-place, on Sunday morning, June the 13th, on " the compassion of the Saviour towards the physical wants of the people.”

FINSBURY. — On Monday evening, the 14th inst., the Finsbury Chartists will meet at Lunt’s Coffee House, for the purpose of reorganising new class leaders for the Finsbury district, and earnestly solicit the co-operation of all friends to the cause of democracy.	

OLDHAM. - Mr. Bell, from Manchester, lectures here tomorrow afternoon and evening.

GATESHEAD. — A public meeting is to be held at the top of Oakwell Gate, on Wednesday evening, for the purpose of nominating a candidate to represent this borough in the ensuing Parliament. Messrs Mason, Cook, and others are expected. It is hoped the meeting will be well attended.

LONDON. — On Sunday evening next, June the 13th, Mr, Richard Spurr will open the following question for discussion, at the Chartist Koom, 55, Old Bailey, — the present position of the Chartist body, and the best tactics to be adopted for the advancement of our cause at the forthcoming elections ; when it is hoped every one feeling interested in the success of our glorious Charter will attend.

SUNDERLAND. — On Sunday afternoon Mr. Williams will lecture at the Life Boat House ; in the evening he will lecture in the Golden Lion room.

BISHOP AUCKLAND. — On Sunday afternoon, at two o’clock, June the 20th, Mr. Williams will lecture at Bishop Auckland Batts, and on the following evening on West Auckland Green.

DERBY. — There will be a delegate meeting held at the Northern Star, Derby, on Sunday, the 20th of June, 1841, at one o’clock in the afternoon, to take into consideration the propriety of re-electing Mr. Bairstow as missionary for the town and county of Derby and outskirts of the county. Each of the following places are requested to send a delegate Daffield, Holbrook, Helper, Alfreton, Heanor, Ilkeston, Stappleford, Sandiacre, Sawley, Borrowash, Ockbrook, Spondon, Breaston, Melbourn, Castle Donnington, and Barton-upon-Trent, and any other villages that take an interest in the cause of Chartism. A delegate from any such places will be gladly received. All communications must be sent to Mr. Joseph Turner, at the sign of the Northern Star, top of Bridge-street, Derby.

DEPTFORD. — Mr. Edmund Stallwood will lecture on Sunday evening next, June the 13th, in the Democratic Academy, Deptford, Kent, on the Charter, as a remedy for our political disease, its practicability, means of obtainment, etc.

HUDDERSFIELD. — On Tuesday evening next a public meeting will be held in the Association Room, w to take into consideration the bloody and unwarrantable conduct of the anti-Corn Law party, aided by Dan’s party.”

BILSTON. — It has been determined to hold an open air demonstration in this important mining district, on the 15th of June, to which Messrs. White and Taylor have been invited. 
