LONDON. — A Public Meeting will be be held on Monday evening at the City of London  Political and Scientific Institution, to petition Parliaments behalf of Cooper, now in Stafford Gaol. Bernard M'Cartney, from Liverpool, and other friends will address the meeting. Admission free.

Bernard McCartney of Liverpool, will lecture on Sunday evening, at the City of London Political and Scientific Institution. After the lecture Miss Inge will deliver an address on tho “ Rights or Women/' The Chartist public are requested to attend.

The members of the Clerkenwell locality, of the National Charter Association are earnestly requested to meet together at their usual place, Lunt’s Old Coffee Rooms, Clerkenwell Green; on Monday evening next, June 12, at half-past eight precisely.-Subjects of grave consideration will bo introduced for their discussion. The accounts for the past-month will be audited, and the reappointment of sub-Secretary considered.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Benbow will lecture on Sunday evening next at the Mechanic's- Institution, Circus street, New Road, at half-past seven o'clock-Subject—the Repeal of the Union. Also a meeting of the members will be held on Wednesday evening next, at eight o’clock.

Mr. Knight will lecture on Sunday evening at the Flora Tavern, Barnsbury Park, to commence at seven o’clock.

TOWER HAMLETS. — The following lectures will be delivered on Sunday next in the Working Men's Hall, 29 1/2, Mile End Road : - Mr. Sherrard, in the morning, at half-past ten ; Mr, Mantz, in the afternoon, at half-past two ; and in the evening, precisely at half-past seven, by Mr. M‘Grath. Admission free. A discussion- will take place in this Hall on Tuesday evening, to commence at eight o’clock, upon the following, question " Will a Repeal of the Union be a benefit, or detrimental to the interests of Ireland " The discussion to be opened by Mr. Mantz, Admission free.

TOWER HAMLETS. — A special meeting of the General Council will be held at the Crown and Anchor, Waterloo Town, on Sunday, the 18th inst. at five o’clock in the afternoon, to receive the reports of the different financial committees existing in the Hamlets.

The members of the Buck Lane Locality will meet at tho Carpenter’s Arms to adopt a code or bye laws, on Sunday evening next, at eight o'clock.

CAMBERWELL. — Mr. J Sewell will lecture on Tuesday evening next, (June 13th). It is expected that all the members belonging to the locality will attend if possible, as business of importance will be brought forward.

Mr. Balls will lecture at Pillman’s Coffee House, 50, Tottenham Court Road, on Monday next, at half-past eight o’clock.

NOTTINGHAM. — The members of the Female Charter Association are requested to attend at the Democratic Chapel, Rice-place, on Tuesday evening next, at eight o’clock.

LEICESTER. — Mr. Samuel Parkes, of Sheffield, will preach here three times on Sunday.

HUDDERSFIELD. — On Sunday next (to-morrow) two sermons will be preached in the Hall of Science, Bath Buildings, by the Rev. W. V. Jackson, front Manchester; in the afternoon, at half-past two — Subject—Moses and Jesus Christ, and their doctrines contrasted with the pulpit doctrines of the present day ; in the evening, at half-past six, " On the preparation of God’s way for the people.”

UPPER WARLEY. — Mr. John Murray will preach at this place on Sunday next, at half-past two in the afternoon.

LAMBETH. — The members residing in this locality will meet next Monday evening, at eight o’clock, at the Britannia Coffee House, Waterloo-road, to consider the propriety of calling a public meeting of the borough, to petition Parliament in behalf of Cooper and Richards, in particular, and all the Chartist victims generally, to obtain, if possible, a mitigation of their punishment.

SUNDERLAND. — Mr. Beesley will lecture at South Shields on Monday ; Tuesday, at Newcastle ; Wednesday, at Sunderland ; and remain in that locality, by request, the remainder of the week. Money, and other communications, to be forwarded to William Gilfillon, or James Southeren, Tyne Dock Tavern, Long-row, South Shields.

A Camp Meeting of the counties of Northumberland and Durham will be held on Bouldon Pellon, on Sunday, at two o’clock. Messrs. Beesley, Charlton, and other gentlemen will address the meeting.

SHEFFIELD. — Fig Tree-lane.— Mr. Gammage, of Northampton, will lecture on Sunday afternoon, at half-past two o’clock, " on the evils of class legislation in England and Ireland, and the necessity of a Repeal of the Legislative Union.”

The Northern Star and Nation will be read on Sunday evening, commencing at six o’clock. A public discussion at eight o’clock.

A public meeting will be held in the Fig Tree-lane Room, on Monday evening next; chair to be taken at half-past seven o’clock.

The Morning Sun will be publicly read in the Fig Tree-lane Room every evening, commencing at half-past six o’clock.

A Festive Ball on the evenings of Tuesday and Wednesday next, dancing to commence at half-past seven o’clock.

Repeal of the Union. — Mr. M'Gowan will deliver a lecture on the “ Repeal of the Union,” in the Town Hall, Sheffield, on Tuesday evening next. Admission free. Englishmen, attend, and listen to the wrongs of your brothers.

BARNSLEY. — There will be a public meeting on Monday evening, to petition on behalf of Cooper, and against the Irish Arms Bill.

BRADFORD. — A lecture will be delivered on Sunday evening, at seven o’clock, in the large room, Butterworth Buildings, " on the Land, and its possession, being the best means to enable the people to carry on an agitation for the Charter.” Free admission.

BIRMINGHAM. — The monthly general conference of the Birmingham and Midland Counties’ Charter Association will be held on Monday evening next, at the Royal Oak, Little Charles-street, at seven o’clock.

Mr. Pepper preaches at Silton to-morrow.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday (to-morrow) Mr. Christopher Doyle, of Manchester, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at six o’clock in the evening ; also on Monday, Mr. Edward M'Cabe, of Oldham, will lecture in' the above room, at eight o’clock in the evening.	Subject— " The Repeal of the Union, its causes an d effects, interspersed with the history of Ireland ”

HALIFAX. — The monthly delegate meeting of the district will be held at Ovenden on Sunday (to morrow), at two o’clock in the afternoon.

MANCHESTER, CARPENTER'S HALL. — Two lectures will be delivered in the above hall, on Sunday (tomorrow), by Mr. Dixon. The chair to be taken at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon, and at half past six in the evening.

BOLTON. — Mr. James Leach, of Manchester, will deliver two lectures in the Association room, Cheap-side, near the Exchange, on Sunday next, one at two o’clock in the afternoon and the other at six o’clock in the evening.

HOLBECK. — Mr. G. Gammage will lecture in the Association Room, on Wednesday evening, the 14th instant, at eight o’clock, on the wrongs of Ireland, and the repeal as a remedy.
