KIDDERMINSTER. — All friends wishing to push the Chartist cause in Kidderminster, are respectfully requested to meet at the house of Mr. Henry Crouch, on Monday evening, June 16th, at eight o’clock.

NOTTINGHAM. — An address will he given in the Democratic Chapel, Rice-place, by the Female Chartist Association, on Monday evening, June 25, at eight o’clock. Admittance one penny, for the benefit of the Sunday school.

SHEFFIELD. - Fig-tree Lane.—On Sunday evening, at six o’clock, the Northern Star and Nation news-papers will be read, and a public discussion will be held at eight o’clock the same evening.

On Monday evening, a public meeting will he held in the above room ; business to commence at eight o’clock precisely.

LONDON. — A public meeting will be held at the Star Coffee House, Golden-bine, on Sunday evening next, on the question of the Repeal of Union, Mr. M'Frederick will take the chair at half-past seven o’clock.

Marylebone.—Mr. Mantz will lecture on Sunday evening next* June 25th, at the Mechanic’s Institution, Circus-street, New Road, at half-past seven o’clock.

A Special Meeting of the General Council of the South London locality, meeting at tho Hall of Science, Blackfriar’s Road, will be held at the Brifctania Coffee Houss, Waterloo Road, on Monday next, at eight o’clock, to take into consideration the best means for the propagation of Chartist principles in tho above popular institution.

Mr. Fussell will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Flora Tavern, Barnsbury Park, on the Repeal of the Union and the six points of tho People’s Charter.

The Members of tho lace Chartist Hall locality, 25, Star-street, Commercial-road East, are most respectfully informed that a general meeting of the late members will take place on Sunday, June 25th, 1813, at the Black Horse Inn, Windmill Fieid-gate-street, White Chapel, at half-past seven o’clock in the evening.

A Public Lecture will be delivered on Sunday, June 25th, at the Black Horse Inn, Windmill-Field-gate-street, White Chapel. Chair to be taken at eight o'clock.

Mr. Davoc will lecture on the subject of the Land at the Goldbeaters Arms, Old St. Pancras-road, on Sunday evening, June 25th.

TOWER HAMLETS. — The Council meet on most important; business at the Crown and Anchor, Waterloo Town, on Sunday next, at five o’clock in the afternoon.

DEAN STREET, SOHO. — Mr. A. Hunnibell will lecture at the Golden Lion on Sunday evening next, when it is requested that ail the members will attend, as, after the lecture, there is other business of the greatest importance to be transacted. The chair will be taken at eight o’clock precisely.

LEICESTER. — Mr. Bairstow will preach at Wigston in the evening, and Mr. Anthony in the Marketplace, Leicester, next Sunday evening, at half-past two and six o’clock.

A Camp Meeting will be held on the Newton Woodlands, near Oadby toll-gate, next Sunday morning, at half-past ten, mid in the afternoon, at two o’clock. Mr. Bairstow and Mr. Anthony, of Arnold, will conduct the services.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday (to-morrow), Mr. John Loach, of Hyde, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at six o’clock in the evening. Subject, " The necessity of a union of the working classes of Great Britain and Ireland.”

On Monday, Mr. M'Cabe will deliver a third lecture on “Repeal and the history of Ireland,” at eight o’clock in the evening.

MANCHESTER. — Cropper-street. — Mr. Jas. Reneshaw Cooper will lecture here on Wednesday, the 28th of June, at eight o’clock in the evening. The public are respectfully invited to attend.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — As recommended by the South Lancashire delegates, there will be a delegate meeting on Sunday next, the 25th June, in the Association Room, Nelson-street, to take into consideration the propriety of having camp meetings in this district; chair to be taken at one o’clock in the afternoon.

The Members of the Association will meet on Tuesday evening, June 27, at eight, o’clock.

COVENTRY. — Mr. J. R. H. Bairstow will deliver an address on the Repeal of the Legislative Union between Great Britain and Ireland, on Grey Friars Green, on Monday next, at five o’clock.

MANCHESTER. — On Tuesday evening next, Mr Robert Ramsden, one of the fifty-nine “conspirators,” will deliver a lecture to the young men of Manchester, in tho Brown-street Rooms.

HALIFAX. — A Chartist camp meeting will be held on Skircoat Moor, on Sunday (to-morrow), at two o’clock in the afternoon. Mr. E. P. Moad, of Birmingham, and other gentlemen, will address the meeting.

BIRMINGHAM. — The monthly Council meeting of the Birmingham and Midland Counties Charter Association will be holden, at the Ship Inn, Steelhouse Lane, on Sunday next, June 25th, when all members of the Council are most respectfully invited to attend. Business of importance will be laid before the assembly.

Mr. Mason will lecture at Duddeston-row, on Sunday morning (to-morrow), at half-past ten o’clock.

Mr. Dickinson will lecture at tho following places next week : - Kelso, Saturday night and Sunday; Jedburgh, Monday; Hawick, Tuesday; Selkirk, Wednesday; Galashiels, Thursday; Dalkietb, Friday; Mussleburgb, Saturday.

ROCHDALE. — A Chartist camp meeting will be held tomorrow (Sunday) on Bagslate Common, at two o’clock. Mr. Donnovan, of Manchester; Messrs. Wood, Casson, and Chadwick, of Rochdale; and Mr. Mills, ol Whitworth, will address the meeting. Mr. Donnovan will also lecture in the evening at the Chartist room, Top of Yorkshire-street, subject, the " Repeal of the Legislative Union with Ireland.”

LEEDS DISTRICT. — Mr. David Ross will lecture at the following places during the enduing week Tuesday, 27th, Holbeck ; Wednesday, Woodhouse; Thursday, Hunslet ; Morley, Friday ; Leeds, Sunday ; Armley and Wortley, Monday, 3rd July; Bromley, Tuesday, 4th. Each place is requested to make arrangements immediately.

LEEDS. — Mr. West will deliver two lectures in the Chartist Room, Cheapside, to-morrow afternoon, at half-past two, and in the evening at half-past six o’clock.

A Public Meeting will beholden on Monday evening, at half-past six o’clock, in the Vicar's Croft, to petition for a Repeal of the Legislative Union. Messrs. West and Ross will address the meeting.

The Committee for making arrangements for the meeting, are requested to moot to-morrow morning, at ten o’clock, in the Chartist room, Cheap-side.

BRADFORD. — On Sunday evening, Mr. Hurley will lecture on “ the past and present Government of Ireland " in the large room, Butterworth's buildings, to commence at seven o’clock.

On Sunday, the Chartists of Bradford locality will meet in the Council Room, at ten o’clock in the morning. A full attendance is requested.

LITTLE HORTON. — The Chartists of Little Horton are requested to meet on Sunday morning, at nine o'clock in the School-room, Park-place. A committee will be elected to carry out arrangements for renting one or two acres of land. A full attendance is expected.

WHITE ABBEY. — The Chartists of White Abbey are requested to meet in the school room, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock. The members are respectfully requested to attend, as arrangements are to bo made for holding a public meeting.

TROWBRIDGE. — A public meeting of the inhabitants of Trowbridge, will be holden on Monday evening next, June 26th, at the Democratic Half for tho purpose of adopting a petition to Parliament on behalf of Cooper and others, now suffering in prison.
As it is customary to pay the shareholders of the Democratic Hall of Trowbridge their interest every longest day, tho trustees request that all persons having lent money towards the premises will meet on Tuesday evening, 27th, at the Hall.

SOUTH SHIELDS. — Mr. Beesley will lecture at Sunderland on Monday evening ; on Tuesday evening, at South Shields. The remainder of the week’s route will be appointed by the delegates, who have to meet on Sunday, at one o’clock, in Sunderland, in the Chartist Room, Chirk's Passage, opposite Robson’s Lane, High-street. Business of great importance will be laid before the meeting there ; therefore, it is hoped that the district will be fully represented. Those who cannot send a delegate are requested to communicate by letter, addressed to Mr. William Guillon, Dock Tavern, Long Row, South Shields. 
