Bingley District.-The next delegate meeting of the Bingley District will be held on Sunday, the 3rd of July, at ten o'clock in the forenoon, in the Foresters' Court, York-street, Bingley. It is particularly requested that all localities within the district
will send a delegate.

The Members of the monthly delegate meeting will assemble on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock precisely, at the Star Coffee House, Golden-lane, to hear the report of their committee.

Bury.- A public meeting will be held at this place on Saturday evening next at seven o'clock, in the Working Men's Hall, for the purpose of memorialising her Majesty to dismiss her Ministers, and also agree to a remonstrance to the House of Commons. Mr. Henry Horridge and Mr. Michael Roberts, of Bury, will take part in the proceedings, and Mr, David Ross, of Manchester, has promised to attend.

Mr. William Bell, of Heywood, will lecture on Monday next, in Garden-street lecture room, Bury, at eight o'clock in the evening.

A Public Meeting takes places here on Saturday, the 25th instant, Mr, David Ross will be invited.

Mr. Mead's Route for the ensuing week, Sunday, Ilkiston; Monday, Old Basford; Tuesday, Beeston ; Wednesday, Bulwell; and the Noah's Ark on Saturday night.

Marylebone.- Mr. A. Cook, of London, will lecture at the Working Men's Hall, 5, Circus Street, New-road, Marylebone, on Sunday next, June 26th, at half-past seven o'olock. Also, Mr. Jones, the West-riding lecturer, at the Working Men's Hall, on Monday evening next, at half-past seven o'clock,in aid of the funds of the above hall.

London.-A public meeting will be held at the Hit or Miss, 79, West-street, Globe Fields, on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock, to elect a delegate to the Middlesex County Council; the collectors are requested to call the attendance of the members.

Mr Abram Duncan intends lecturing in the following places next fortnight, namely :-Falkirk, Tuesday 28th inst.; Tullibody, Wednesday, 29th; Alva, Thursday, 30th, Dollar, Friday, 1st July; Blairingone, Saturday, 2nd ; Alloa, Monday, 4th ; Bannockburn, Tuesday, 5th ; Danny, Wednesday, 6th ; and Stirling, Thursday, 7th. Mr. Duncan intends to stand as a candidate to be delegated to meet with the English Executive in Scotland. The election to take place at the close of each of the public meetings above mentioned.

Loughborough District Camp Meeting.- A camp meeting is to be held near tho Lower Mill, Loughborough, commonly called Boots Mill, on Sundav, the 26th of June, at three o'clock in the afternoon, when Messrs. Harrison of Calvercon, Beedham of Leicester; and Bairstow, Skevington, Pepper, and Jarrot are expected to attend. A camp meeting will also be held at Mount Sorrell,on Sunday, July 10th, at eleven o'clock in the forenoon; to adjourn at one, and meet again at half-past two in the afternoon; and a delegate meeting will be held at Mount Sorrell, for the county, the same day after dinner. "That a district fund be made to defray the expences, and the accounts be examined every delegate meeting-that another delegate meeting be held at Loughborough, on Sunday, July 3rd, to arrange for the Mount Sorrell meeting-that any lecturer wishing to visit Loughborough,correspond with the Secretary, and wait for an answer before he be received, and bring his credentials with him from his own locality."

Camberwell Burial Society.-Mr. Larkins, of Walworth, will address the members of this society on Monday evening next.

Halifax.-A public meeting of this district will be held at Skirooat Moor, on Monday, June 27th, to take into consideration the propriety of remonstrating with the Legislature on their refusal, to listen to the prayers of three and a half millions of people, and to memorialize the Queen on doing justice to a starving and insulted people. F. O'Connor, Esq. and Mr. John West have kindly promised to attend, Mr. W, Beesley has been invited and is expected to attend also. Chair to be taken at half-past two o'clock, when every lover of freedom is expected to be at his post.-A lecture will be delivered in the evening by F. O'Cennor,Esq, in the Hall of Science, Gibbet-lane, to commence at eight o'olook.

Foleshill.-Mr. Hartopp will lecture at the Adam and Eve public house, Paradise-lane, Foleshill, on Monday evening next, June 27th; lecture to commence at eight o'clock. On the following Monday, July 4th, Mr. John Starkey and Mr. Peter Hoey will lecture at the Bell-green, Foleshill, in the open air, weather permitting; the chair to, be taken at seven o'clock. They hope their friends will make it as publicly known as the last.

Lepton.- A lecture will be delivered on Sunday next, the 26th day of June, at the Grove Inn, Lepton, by E. Clayton. Chair to be taken at six o'clock.

Manchester.-On Monday evening next, June 27th, 1842, a public meeting will be held, in Stevenson's-square, to take into consideration the propriety of passing the Memorial to her Majesty, and the Remonstrance to the House of Commons, agreed to by the National Convention of the industrious classes; as also to consider resolutions condemnatory of the murderous attack lately made by the police on the starving people of Ennis and Galway, in Ireland. Chair to be taken at eight o'clock.

Mr. Cockburn will deliver lectures on the principles of the people's Charter, at the following places, next week-Morpeth, Tuesday, 28th June; Felton, Wednesday, 29th June; Alnwick, Thursday, 30th -June, and warkworth, Friday, 1st July. The hour of meeting to be appointed by the friends in each respective place, to suit the convenience of the industrious classes in their localities.

Bath.-A meeting will take place at the Chartist Room, on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, at seven o'clock, for the purpose of considering rules for the establishment of a Discussion Class.

Frome.-Public Notice.-A delegate meeting will be held on the 3rd of July, in the Chartist Association Room, Catharine Hill, Frome, at ten o'clock in the forenoon. Delegates from Trowbridge, Warminster, Bradford, Milksham, Holt, Westbury, and the Deverels are expected to be present, as business of importance will be laid before them. Let there be a good attendance at this meeting.

Lambeth.-A special general meeting of the Surrey Council will be held on Wednesday evening next, at 1, China Walk, Lambeth, on very important business.

Lecture.-Mr.Parkes will lecture at 1, China Walk, on Sunday (to-morrow), and the members are requested to attend on Tuesday evening.

Tower Hamlets.-Mr. Mantz will lecture to the females of the Tower Hamlets on Monday next, at Mr. Drake's, the Carpenter's Arms, Brick Lane, Spitalfields.

Calverton.-Mr. Morrison will preach on the Forest on Sunday.

Openshaw.- J. Bailey, of Manchester, will lecture next Sunday evening, at six o'clock precisely, at Openshaw.

Sheffield.-Mr. Clark, of Stockport, will address the Sheffield Chartists on Sunday, (to-morrow,) on the site of the Old Sugar Houses, top of Sheffield Moor, at half-past two o'clook ; and in the Hay-market, at seven o'clook. If the weather is unfavourable, the meetings will be holden in the Fig-tree-lane room.

Barnsley.-Mr. Clark, of Stockport, will deliver a lecture to the Chartists of Barnsley, on Tuesday evening next.

Working Men's Hall, 5, Circus-street, New Road.-A lecture on Chartism will be delivered on Monday next, by Mr. Jones, West-Riding lecturer, in aid of the funds of the above hall. Admission one penny, to commence at half-past seven o'clock in the evening.

Rochdale.-There will be a Chartist camp meeting on Sunday (to-morrow), weather permitting, on Calderbrook Moor, near Littleborough, to commence at two o'clock. Mr. Griffin, of Manchester,is expected to attend, and other speakers from Rochdale and Todmorden.

Bristol.-Mr. J. R. H. Bairstow, the celebrated Chartist lecturer, will deliver his first lecture in the west of England, at Bear-lane Chapel, Temple-street, Bristol, on Monday evening, June 27th, at eight o'clock. Any Chartist society, or association, in the West of England, or Wales, who may require the services of Mr. Bairstow, will correspond with Mr. Onion.
