LOUGHBOROUGH. — A camp meeting will beheld on Mount Sorrel on Sunday, (to-morrow) at two o’clock. Mr. Bairstow and others will attend.

HOLMFIRTH. — The Chartists of Holmfirth are requested to meet in the Association room on Sunday (to-morrow), at half-past six in the evening. Business of importance will be laid before them.

LONDON. — Mr. Fussell will lecture at the City of London Political and Scientific Institution, on Sunday evening next.

Benjamin Wale, Esq., Professor of Languages, Polite Literature, &c. will lecture at the City of London Institution, Turnagain-lane, on Tuesday evening next. Subject—the “Elocution of Private Life.” Admission, Twopence.

A Public Meeting of the Delegates from each Metropolitan District will be held on Sunday afternoon, at three o’clock, at the City of London Institution, to assist in carrying into effect Mr. O’Connor’s recommendation relative to the election of an Executive.

The Elocution and Dramatic Class will meet at the City of London Institution, on Thursday evening.

SILK WEAVERS' LOCALITY. — The members of this locality will meet at the Weavers’ Arms, Pelham, Spitalfields, on this (Saturday) evening, at eight o’clock, on business of importance. Tnere will bo no meeting on Sunday.

BARNSBURY PARK. — Mr. Mantz will lecture at the Flora Tea Gardens, on Sunday evening next.

To the Colliers of Mid and East Lothian. — There will be a Delegate Meeting in the Free Mason’s Hall, Dalkeith, on Saturday, July 15th, chair to be taken at six o’clock in the evening, when every colliery in Mid and East Lothian, are earnestly entreated to send a deputation.

WEDNESBURY. — A delegate meeting will be held in the People’s Hall, Washington-street, July 9th, at two o’clock when delegates are expected to attend from Birmingham, Dudley, Tipton, Bilston, Walsall, Darlaston, and Wednesbury. Plans will be submitted to accomplish the reorganisation of the district.

ROCHDALE. — To-morrow, the 9th inst., Mr. J. Miils will deliver two addresses in connection with church-rates, at the Chartist Room, top of Yorkshire-street, at half-past two, and at six in the evening.

On Sunday, the 16th inst., a camp meeting will be held on Cronkeyshaw, to commence at two o’clock. Several speakers will be in attendance from various places.

A Camp Meeting will be holden on Silston Common, on Sunday next, at ten o'clock in the morning, two in the afternoon, and six in the evening, when Mr. George Harrison, of Calverton, and others will address the company.

HUDDERSFIELD. — A general district delegate meeting will be holden on Sunday, (to-morrow), in the Chartist Room, Honley. Chair to be taken at one o’clock in the afternoon.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday, (to-morrow), a lecture will be delivered in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at six o’clock in the evening, by a friend. On Monday, a lecture will be delivered in the above room, at eight o’clock in the evening, by Mr. J. Halliday. Subject— " The necessity of a Working Man’s Hall, and the advantages to be derived from such an erection.” On Thursday, the 13th instant, a general meeting of shareholders of the Working Man’s Hall Association, will be holden in the Chartist Room, at eight o’clock in the evening.

STOCKPORT. — The Rev. W. V. Jackson will preach a sermon in the Chartist Room, Hillgate, on Sunday next.

CHESHIRE. — A delegate meeting of the county of Chester will be held at Northwich on Sunday next, July 9th at ten o’clock in the forenoon, at the house of Mr. Wm. Rone, Water Wilton-street. Delegates from all the localities in Cheshire are expected to be present.

SOUTH SHIELDS. — Mr. Beesley and other friends will address the people of Hartlepool, on Sunday the 9th instant. The friends of Sunderland and of South Shields have engaged that powerful steamer, the Ranger, for the occasion, which will leave Jarrow Quay, at seven o’clock in the morning, and clear for Sunderland at a quarter before nine, and from Sunderland at ten o’clock for Hartlepool. Fares, — from Shields to Hartlepool, and back, one shilling ; to Sunderland, and back, sixpence. The surplus proceeds to be applied to carrying on the war of right —As there are many applications for Mr. Beesley’s services, no route will be made out but they will be supplied, as near in turn as possible, by applying to William Gilfillan, Tyne Dock Tavern, Long-row, South Shields.
