SHEFFIELD. — Fig Tree Lane. —The Northern Star and Nation will be read, as usual, on Sunday evening, commencing at six o’clock. A public discussion at eight o’clock.

A public meeting will bo holden, on Monday evening, July 3rd, at eight o’clock, in the above room, when the propriety of the suggested National Conference will bo taken into consideration—also the question of organization.

BIRMINGHAM. — The Council of the Birmingham Chartists will meet at their room, in Aston-street, at three o’clock on Sunday next, when business of importance will be brought forward. The collectors are earnestly requested to bring in their books and subscriptions.

A lecture will be delivered in tho above room, at seven o’clock, on Sunday evening.

Mr. G. White’s Support Committee will meet in the Aston-street Room on Sunday evening, at six o clock, to receive subscriptions.

LONDON. — A public meeting will bo holden in the Britannia fields, City-road, at six o’clock on Sunday evening next.

Mr. Bolwell will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Star, Golden-lane, at eight o’clock. "

GOLDEN LION, DEAN STREET, SOHO. — Mr. Mantz will leoture at the above place, on Sunday evening next, at eight o’clock.

BERMONDSEY. — Mr. Bolwell, from Bath, will deliver a public lecture on “ the six points of the Charter,” at the White Bear, Long-walk, Bermondsey-square, on Monday, July 3rd, at eight o’clock in the evening.

A Concert and Ball for the benefit of Dr. M‘Douall, will be held on Monday evening, July 10. Tickets sixpence each.

Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Flora Tea Gardens, York-place, Barnsbury-par at half-past six o’clock.

CITY OF LONDON POLITICAL AND SCIENTIFIC INSTUTION, TURNAGAIN LANE. — Mr. Wheeler will deliver an address on Tuesday evening, upon the “ Pleasures and advantages of knowledge,” being an introduction to a course of lectures on scientific and literary subjects. Admission free. To commence at eight o’clock.

A Ball, will take place on Monday evening at the City of London Institution. Single tickets one shilling, double, one and sixpence.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Buchanan will lecture at tho Mechanics’ Institution, Circus-street, New-road, on Sunday evening next, July 2nd, at half-past seven o’clock.

Repeal of the Union. — A lecture will be delivered by Feargus O’Connor, Esq., on Monday evening next, July 3rd, at the Social and Scientific Institution, John-street, Tottenham Court-road. Chair to be taken at half-past seven o’clock.

A discussion will take place at the Crown and Anchor, Cheshire-street, Waterloo Town, on next Sunday evening, at eight o’clock. Subject—“ What benefits would accrue to the industrious classes under the present system of class legislation, from a total repeal of the Corn Laws "

Mr. Mantz will deliver a funeral oration on the death of Mr. Wm. Evans, on Sunday, July 2nd, at the Black Horse and Windmill, Fieldgate-street, Whitechapel; the chair to be taken at half-past seven o’clock iti the evening.

The Members and friends of the Black Horse and Windmill locality will take an excursion with the other localities of the Tower Hamlets to Whatford, on Monday, August 7th.

WORKING MEN'S HALL, MILE END ROAD. — A discussion will take place here, on Monday, July 3rd, subject—" Will a repeal of the Corn Laws remove the present distress of the country ?”

TOWER HAMLETS. — The General Council of the Hamlets will meet at the Standard of Liberty, Brick-lane, on Sunday next, at five o’clock in the afternoon.

An Harmonic Meeting will be holden at the “ Feathers,” Warren-street, Tottenham-court-road, on Monday, July 3rd, 1843, at eight o’clock; the proceeds to be given to William Jones.

MOTTRAM. — A Chartist camp meeting will be holden on Wednesough Green, on Sunday, July 9th, at two o’clock in the afternoon, and six in the evening. Mr. J. M. Leach, Mr. Booth, Mr, Candelet, and several others will address the meeting.

STOCKPORT. — A camp meeting will be holden on the vacant space of ground at the back of the railway arches, on Sunday (to-morrow) at two o’clock in the afternoon, and again at six o’clock in the evening.

The People’s Paper, the Northern Star is read every evening, at the Chartist Room, Kirkgate.

The Chartists of Cheshire are requested to nominate delegates, to attend a delegate meeting, to be holden at Northwitch, on Sunday, July 9th, for the purpose of organising Cheshire. All communications for the delegate meeting to be addressed to Mr. Thos. Clarke, Park-street, Stockport.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. H. Dorman will preach in the Market-place, on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock. The subject— " The duty of the Government and duty of the people towards each other.” He will also deliver a lecture in the chapel, Rice-place, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock, upon the " Life, character, and patriotism of William Tell”

CARRINGTON, NEAR NOTTINGHAM. — A public meeting will be holden on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock, in Mr. Lee’s large room, Mansfield Road, sign of the New Inn, when every lover of liberty is requested to attend, as business of importance will be brought before the meeting.

HALIFAX. — A camp meeting will be holden on Norland Moor, on Sunday, July 5th, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday, to-morrow, July 2nd, two lectures will be delivered in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street. First lecture at two o’clock in the afternoon, subject— " The Land.” Second lecture at six in the evening, subject— " The wrongs of Ireland and Repeal.” A collection will be made after each lecture to defray the expence of the Room.

MANCHESTER. — Chartist Painters.—A meeting of the Chartist painters will be holden in the Painters’ Reading Room, Watson-street, Peter-street, on Saturday (this evening), at eight o’clock, when business of importance will be laid before the meeting.

BROWN-STREET. — On Tuesday evening next, the continued discussion on " the cause of the present distress.”

A Special Meeting of the South Lancashire delegates will take place, in the National Charter Association Room, Brown-street, near St. Andrew's Church, on Sunday next, July 2nd, when the delegates are requested to come fully prepared with the opinions of their constituents as to the most efficient persons to be put in Domination for the contemplated Conference. The chair will be taken at one o’clock in the afternoon.

CARPENTERS' HALL. — Mr. Daniel Donovan will leoture in the above Hall, on Sunday next, at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon ; and Mr. James Leach, at half-past six in the evening. After the evening’s leoture, resolutions of considerable importance will be submitted to the meeting.

The Quarterly Meeting of the members of the National Charter Association, residing in the Carpenters’ Hall locality will take place in the above Hall, on Sunday next, July 2nd, at ten o’clock in’ the forenoon ; when business of an important nature will be brought before them. A numerous attendance is particularly requested.

Route of the South Lancashire Missionary : — Mr. Leach will visit the following places - Monday, July 3rd, Ashton-under-Lyne ; Tuesday, 4th, Rochdale; Wednesday, 5th, Stalybridge ; Thursday 6th, Oldham ; Friday, 7th, Middleton; Sunday, 9th, Hollinwood ; Monday, 10th, Bury ; Tuesday, 11th, Ratcliffe Bridge ; Wednesday, 12th, Bolton ; Thursday, 13th, Fails worth ; Friday, 14th, Halshaw Moor; Sunday, 16th, Newton Heath; Monday, 17th, Chowbent; Tuesday, 18th, Wigan ; Wednesday, l9th, Hindley; Thursday, 20th, Leigh; Friday, 21st, Warrington ; Sunday, 23rd, Milnrow, near Rochdale.

ROCHDALE. — A camp meeting will be holden tomorrow (Sunday), on Lobden, near Whitworth, to commence at two o’clock. Several speakers will be in attendance from Rochdale and other places.

BRADFORD. — The memembers of the Council are requested to meet in the Council Room, Butterworth’s-buildings, on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock, to take into consideration the propriety of holding camp meetings during the Summer, in various parts of the district; also to draw up a local lecturer's plan, for the ensuing three months.

A full attendance is requested; and all persons holding collecting books are requested to bring them in, to be examined by the Council. A committee will be appointed by the Council to raise subscriptions to defray the rent of the room.

A lecture will be delivered by Mr. John Arran, in the Large Room, Butterworth's-buildings on Sunday evening, at half-past seven o’clock.

A Public Meeting of the woolcombers of Bradford, will be holden on Monday evening, in front-of the Odd Fellows’ Hall, at half-past seven o’clock. The committee respectfully solicit the attendance of the trades of Bradford, as a code of rules will be read to the meeting, and arrangements made to enter into subscriptions immediately, for the purchase of land, in order to locate as many as possible of the “ surplus labourers,” made so by machinery.

LITTLE HORTON. — The Chartists of Little Horton will meet on Sunday morning at nine o’clock, in the school room, Park place. A full attendance is requested. 

DAISY HILL. — The Chartists of Daisy Hill will meet on Sunday morning in the Association room, at nine o'clock, on important business. A delegate from the Counoil will attend the meeting.

The Chartists, meeting in the council room, are to attend on Sunday morning at ten o’clock, on business of importance.

WAPPING. — The Chartists of Wapping will meet on Sunday morning at nine o’clock, in their Association room, to take into consideration the lecturers’ plan for the ensuing three months.

BOWLING BACK-LANE. — Chartists are requested to meet on Sunday morning at ten o’clock, to elect a delegate to the General Council. A full attendance is requested.

LEEDS DISTRICT. — A district council meeting will be held to-morrow morning at ten o’clock in the Chartist room, Cheapide, on important business.

LEEDS. — Mr. Ross will lecture to-morrow afternoon and evening, in the Chartist room, Cheapside, to commence at half-past two, and half-past six o’clock.

ARMLEY. — Mr. Ross will lecture at this place on Monday night at eight o’clock.

BRAMLEY. — Mr. Ross will lecture here this evening at eight o’clock. The friends are requested to make immediate arrangements.

SUNDERLAND. — Mr. Beesley will lecture on Monday next, on “The evils of a Standing Army." It is earnestly hoped that the working people attend.
