LONDON. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Monday evening to the Chartists of Bermondsey.

Major Beniowski will lecture at the City of London Institution, Turn-again-Lane, on Tuesday evening. Subject:—Phrenotypics, or Artificial Memory ; admission twopence.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Farrar will lecture at the Mechanic’s Institution, Circus-street, New-road, on Sunday evening next, July 16th, at half-past seven o'clock.

STOCKPORT. — A meeting will be holden in the large room, Millgate, to-morrow evening, (Sunday.)

LEICESTER. — Mr. Bairstow will lecture next Sunday morning, at half-past ten o’clock, in the pasture, on “ The Government and the People ; ” and preach in the Market-place, in the evening at six o’clock. Subject: "The prospects and destinies of Man.”

KEIGHLEY. — The next delegate meeting of this district will be holden in the Working Man’s Hall, Sun-street, Keighley, on Sunday July 23rd, at ten o’clock in the forenoon. Delegates are requested to attend from Haworth, Denholme, Cullingworth, Wilsden, &c.

MOSSLEY. — A camp meeting will be holden at this place on Sunday the 16th, and at Staly-bridge, on Sunday the 23rd inst.

NEWTON HEATH. — Mr. James Leach will lecture in the Chartist room, Church-street, on Sunday the 16th inst., at six o’clock in the evening — Free Admission.

ROCHDALE. — A camp meeting will be holden tomorrow, Sunday, on Cronkeyshaw, to commence at two o’clock. Mr. J. M. Leach, and several other speakers will be in attendance. Mr. Leach will also lecture in the Chartist room, top of Yorkshire-street, in the evening at half-past six.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday, to-morrow, Mr. Davis will address the people of Oldham in the Chartist room, Greaves-street, at six o’clock in the evening. Subject	The rights of labour.

LIVERPOOL. — An adjourned special meeting of the Council will take place on next Sunday, at two o’clock, at the house of Mr. Goodfellows, Tarleton-street, to take the subject of the Organization into consideration.

A member’s meeting will be holden at the above place, on Sunday evening, at half-past six, in the Preston-street room, on business of the utmost importance.

BARNSBURY PARK. — Mr. Fussell will lecture at the Flora Tea Gardens, on Sunday evening.

Mr. Knight will lecture at the Bricklayer’s Arms, Tonbridge-street, New Road, on Sunday evening.

MILE END ROAD. — Mr. Fussell will lecture on Sunday morning next; Mr. Benbow in the evening.

BEAN-STREET. — Mr. Skelton will lecture at this locality on Sunday next, at eight o’clock in the evening.

An Harmonic Meeting will be held at the Feathers, Warren-street, Tottenham Court Road, on Monday next, at eight o’clock. The proceeds to be given to the destitute Wife and Children of Robert Wilde, of Mottram, now in the Knutsford House of Correction.

SOUTH LONDON HALL OF SCIENCE. — Mr. Mantz will lecture here on Tuesday evening next - subject, " The blessings and evils of Royalty.”

NEWCASTLE. — A General Meeting of Delegates of the Miners’ Society, will be held in Mr. Jude’s long room, Three Tuns Inn, Manor Chare, on Monday 24th. July, at 10 o’clock in the forenoon, and as business of great importance will come before that meeting, it is hoped that each mine or colliery in Northumberland and Durham will have a Delegate there.

Mr. Kydd will lecture in the Chartists’ Hall, Goat Inn, Newcastle, on Sunday evening at seven o’clock. Subject—“ The history of Ireland and her present position.”

HULL. — Mr. West will preach two sermons on Sunday next, in the afternoon, at half-past two o’clock, on the Dock Green; and in tho evening at half-past six, in the large room of the White Hart, Salthouse-lane.

Mr. West will also deliver a lecture in the Freemasons’ Lodge, Mytongate, on Monday evening next; the chair to be taken at eight o’clock precisely. Subject—“ The signs of the times.” There will be a members’ meeting at the close of the lecture.

The South-Lancashire Delegate Meeting will be holden on Sunday (to-morrow) in the Brown-street room, Manchester; the chair to be taken at one o’clock in the afternoon.

CARPENTERS' HALL. — Two lectures will be delivered in the above hall, on Sunday (to-morrow), by Mr. Wm. Dixon.

MANCHESTER CHARTIST YOUTHS. — Mr. Wm. Dixon will deliver a lecture on Tuesday evening next, for the benefit of the Grammar and Elocution class. Subject—“The principles of total abstinence, morally,! physically, and scientifically examined.”	

HALIFAX. — A delegate meeting of this district will be held at Siddall, on Sunday, (to-morrow,) at two o’clock in the afternoon; each locality is particularly requested to send delegates, as business of the greatest importance will be brought before the meeting, it is hoped that each delegate will be punctual to the time.

A Camp Meeting will be holden on Illingworth Moor, on Sunday, July 23rd.
