OLDHAM. — Mr. Hill will preach in Grosvenor-street Chapel on Sunday week, the 25th instant., afternoon and evening.

HULL. — Mr. Hill will preach in the large room, No. 8, Church’ Side to-morrow (Sunday) morning at half-past ten o'clock, and in the evening at six.

SUNDERLAND. — Mr. Binns will lecture at the Life Boat House, on Sunday afternoon, at half-past two.

Mr. Harney will lecture in Sunderland on Friday evening.	

DERBY. — Mr. Bairstow lectures here on Sunday afternoon next, at half-past five o'clock, and on Monday evening at seven o’clock.

Mr. Bairstow will lecture at Heanor on Tuesday, at Ilkeston on Wednesday, at Stapleford on Thursday, and at Burton on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, each evening at seven o’clock.

DARLESTON. — Mr. Candy will lecture in the open air,' at the Bull Stakes, on Monday evening.

HOLLINGWORTH. - MR. John Leech, from Hyde, will lecture at the Chartist Room, Hollingworth, on Sunday, July 18th, at six o’clock in the evening, instead of two in the afternoon.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. G. Black and Mr. Harrison will preach in the Frost, on Sunday; July 18th, if the weather be favourable; if otherwise, their friends will meet there, as usual, in the chapel, Rice Place, at two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six in the evening.

CALVERTON. — There will be a tea-party at Mr. Harrison’s, of Calverton, on Monday, July 19th. It is hoped as many of our democratic friends, from Nottingham and its vicinity, will attend as can make it convenient.

LEEDS. — In consequence of the unfavourable state of the weather on Sunday evening last, the sermons announced to be preached by Messrs. T. B. Smith and J. Parker could not be delivered; if possible the services will be held on Sunday evening next, in the Vicar’s Croft, and on Hunslet Moor, as previously announced. 

PECKHAM. — A public meeting will be held on Tuesday evening next, at eight eight o’clock, at the Rosemary Branch, Southampton-street, when a lecture will be delivered by Mr. John Watkins. A full attendance is requested.

LIVERPOOL. — On Monday, July 19th, Mr. Wardrop, of Dumfries, will discuss the question of Free Trade, as opposed to Monopoly, in the Queen’s Theatre, with a Tory opponent, Mr. B. Dix.

A meeting of the Female Chartists of Manchester will be held on Wednesday evening next, in the Chartist Room, Tib-street, to pass an address to their sisters of England, Ireland, and Scotland.