LONDON. — Mr. Jones, the late West Riding lecturer, will lecture at the Working Men's Hall, 5, Circus-street, Now Road, Marylebone, on Sunday, the 17th inst, at half-past seven o'clock.

A Great Out-door Public Meeting will be held at the Great Western Railway Station, on Monday, July the 18th, at seven o’clock in the evening, to take into consideration the propriety of petitioning the House of Commons,and of memorializing her Majesty, through Sir James Graham, for a mitigation of the imprisonment of Brook and Peddie, in order to save them from the lamentable and horrid fate of Holberry, who died under the excruciating severity of the sentence, and oruel treatment, for the undefined crime of political conspiracy and sedition. The chair will be taken at seven o'clook precisely by a working man.

ALBION COFFEE-HOUSE, CHURCH STREET, SHOREDITCH. — A meeting of the members of this locality will take place, on Wednesday, the 20th of July ; and we earnestly request of every member to attend, as business of importance and of great interest to this locality is to be brought forward- —business which, if well performed, will enable us to assist the imprisoned, and likewise the families of the same, without any additional expence to the members.

A Public Meeting will be held at the Hit or Miss, 79, West-street, Globe Fields, on Monday evening, July, the 17th, at eight o’clock, to eleot a delegate to the Middlesex Delegate Council.
Mr. Wheeler will lecture at the same place on the above evening.

A lecture will be delivered at 1, China Walk Lambeth, on Sunday, July 17th, at half-past seven o’clock.

Mr. Dowling will lecture on Sunday evening at the Star Coffee House, Golden-lane.

Mr. Ridley will lecture on Sunday evening at the Gold Beaters’ Arms, Somers’ Town,

Mr. Southie will lecture on Sunday evening at the Carpenters’ Arms, Brick-lane.

Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Sunday at the Hit or Mias, Globe Fields.

Mr. Fussell will lecture on Sunday evening at the Cannon Coffee House, Old-street.

Mr. Mantz will lecture on Sunday evening at the Clock House, Castle-street, Leicester-square.

Mr. Ferguson will lecture at the Three Crowns Richmond-street.

Mr. Rouse will lecture on Sunday evening at the Crown Coffee House, Beak-street, Regent-street.

Mr. Knight will lecture on Sunday evening at the Albion Coffee House, Shoreditch.

Mr. Anderson will lecture oa Sunday evening at Buck’s Head, Bethnal Green.

Mr. Illingworth will lecture on Sunday evening at the Rising Sun, Oxford-street, Stepney.

Mr. Ridley will lecture on Monday evening at the Feathers’ Tavern, Warren-street, Tottenham Court Road.

Mr. Balls will leoture at the Rose and Crown, Camberwell, on Monday evening.

HAMMERSMITH ROAD. — A Public Meeting will be held iu the Grounds of the Black Bull Inn, on Monday evening next, July 18, to take into consideration the awful distress now prevailing; its cause, and the remedy! Mr. Farrer, of Marylebone, and other able advocates of the people will address the meeting. Chair to be taken at half-past Seven for Eight.

CAMBERWELL. — A Public Meeting will be held on Monday evening next, at the Rose and Crown, Walworth Road, to elect a delegate to the Metropolitan District Council)

Mr. Duffield will lecture on Monday evening at the Stag Tavern, Fulham Road.

Public notice to the Chartists of the Metropolian Localities. — The united weekly delegate meeting for the whole of the metropolis and its vicinity will beheld at the Political Institute, 55, Old Bailey, on Sunday afternoon, July 25th, at three o’clock precisely. It is earnestly requested that every locality will eleot delegates to this meeting that there may be a union in London, not in name only, but likewise in reality.

Mr. Anderson will lecture on Wednesday evening at the Victoria, Three Colt-street, Limehouse.

A Concert, Ball, and Lottery for an excellent violin, will take place on Monday, July 25th, at the splendid rooms of the Stag Tavern, Fulham-road, the proceeds to be given to the political victims. Tickets 9d. each. To commence at seven o’clock.

Ruffy Ridley having the sanction of the Executive to commence a lecturing tour in the South West of England, informs the different localities that he intends visiting Reading on Monday, July 25th; Abingdon, on the 28th; Oxford,27th; Banbury, 28th; Witney, 29th; Cheltenham, 30bh ana 31st; Gloucester, Monday, August 1st; Stroud, August 2nd ; from thence through Wiltshire to Bath, Bristol, and South Wales. Ruffy Ridley respectfully requests the various sub-Secretaries in his line of route, and the towns adjacent, to correspond immediately with at his residence, 18, D’Oyley-street, Chelsea.

Mr. Mantz will lecture on Tuesday evening, at the School room, King-street, Compton-street, Clerkenwell.
Mr. Rouse will lecture on Monday evening next at the Britannia Coffee House, Waterloo Road.

A Public Meeting will be held on Wednesday, evening next, at the Rising Sun, Oxford-street, Stepney. Several well-known advocates will attend. Working men, muster on this occasion, and shew io the factions that you are determined to obtain the Charter.

A Concert and Ball, accompanied by a lottery, will be held at the splendid rooms of the Stag Tavern, Fulham Read, on Monday, July 25th, for the benefit of the political victims. Tickets, admitting to the whole, 9d. each.

The Members of the Surrey Council are requested to meet at three o’clock on Sunday afternoon.

A Lecture will be delivered on Sunday and Tuesday evenings, at 1, China Walk, Lambeth, at eight o’clock.

BERMONDSEY. — Horns Tavern, Crucifix Lane. —A special general meeting of the members of this locality will take place on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock, to eleot a delegate to the weekly Metropolitan Delegate Council.

Brown Bear, Southwark Bridge Road.—A general nice tide: of the Chartist Stuff Hatters will take place on Wednesday evening next, to consider the propriety of adopting an address to the journeyman hatters of Great Britain, and to eleot a delegate to the New Metropolitan Council. Five shillings was collected for the widow Holberry at the meeting of the Association on Wednesday last.

BRADFORD. — Mr. B. Rushtoh, of Ovenden, will preach a funeral sermon for the martyr Holberry, on Sunday next, (to-morrow), in front of the Odd Fellows’ Hall, or, if the weather be unfavourable, in the large room, Butterworth’s-buildings. Service to commence at two o’clock in the afternoon. We understand a collection will be made for the benefit of the widow.

DEWSBURY. — A district council meeting will be held at Littletown, on Sunday, (to-morrow), at the house' of Mr. Charles Brooks, at one o'clock in the afternoon.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. Wm. Bel!, the South Lancashire lecturer, will deliver an address in the room Sycamore-street, on Sunday evening, at half-past six o'clock.

OLDHAM. - On Sunday next, Mr, Ruake, of Manchester, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at Bix o’clock in the evening. Subject—" The source of national prosperity.”

Mr. Mitchell, of Stockport, will lecture at the following places during the ensuing week: —this evening (Saturday, the 15th) at Compstall Bridge; Sunday, 16th, at Ashton-under-Lyne; Monday, 17th, at New Mills; Tuesday, 18th,at Glossop; Wednesday, 19th, at Mottram; Thursday, 20th, at Staly-bridge; Friday, 21st, at Mosley; Saturday, 22nd, at Hooley Hill; and on Sunday, 23rd, at Dukenfield.

Mr. Bairstow will attend the Yorkshire and Lancashire camp meeting on Blackstone Edge, on Sunday (to-morrow) weather permitting; if not, he will preach two sermons in the Charter Association Room, Yorkshire-street, to commence at half-past two and six in the evening.

Mr. West’s Route for the ensuing Week. —On Monday, July 18th, at Burton; on Tuesday, the 19th, at Burton ; on Wednesday, the 20th, at Greasley Common; on Thursday, the 21st, at Burton; and on Friday, the 22ad, at Yoxall.

Mr. Harrison and Mr. John White, of the Potteries, will preach a funeral sermon for Samuel Holberry on the Forest on Sunday next.

MANCHESTER. — Carpenter’s Hall.—On Sunday, (to-morrow) a general meeting of the members will he held in the above Hall. Business to commence at nine o’clock precisely. It is requested that the members will attend, as there is business of import-ance to bring before the meeting.

SHEFFIELD. - Mr. Thomas Cooper of Leicester, will preach twice on Sunday, July 17th, in the afternoon at two o’clock, at West Bar, near West bar Green, and at seven o’clock in the evening, (Holberry's funeral sermon) at Roscoe-fields.

Mr. Cooper will lecture in the Town-Hall, Sheffield, on Monday evening, the 18th. Admission one penny.

WOODHOUSE. — Mr. Samuel Farkes, from Sheffield, will leoture at the Market Cross, on Saturday evening, (to-night), at half-past six clock, and will preach on .Sunday evening, seven o’clock. Chappie and Tayler will address the usual meeting at this place.

BURY. — The Chartists will meet in the Working Men’s Hall, on Monday night next, at eight o’clock.

Mr. C. Shackleton will address the people of Catherine Slack and neighbourhood on Sunday morning, at half-past eight o’clock, in Ringley Lane, weather permitting ; if not, in the Chartist Room Catherine Slack.

HOLLINGWORTH. — The Rev. W. V. Jackson will preach two sermons on Sunday next, in the empty mill, Padfield.

Notice. —The Council and class leaders are summoned to attend the Meeting Room, on Sunday (to-morrow), at ten o’clock in the forenoon, on important business,

NORTHAMPTONSHIRE. — Mr. Jones’ (of Liverpool) Route for next Week. —Northampton, on Monday, July 18th ; Isham, on Tuesday, the 19oh ; Kettering, on Wednesday and Thursday, the 20th and 21st; Oundle, on Friday, the 22nd; Peterborough, on Saturday, the 23rd ; Eye, on Monday, the 25th; and Oundle, on Tuesday, the 26th.

MOSSLEY. — Mr. Thomas Clark, of Stockport, will deliver a lecture here on Sunday evening (to-morrow), in the Chartist Room, Brook Bottom. To commence at six o’clock.

Mr. Cooper, of Leicester, will preach at Sheffield on Sunday afternoon and evening next, and lecture on Monday evening in the same town ; on Tuesday evening at Leeds; on Wednesday evening at Holbeck, near Leeds ; and on Thursday evening at Todmorden. Mr. Cooper will be " at home,” to take a part in the Leicester Camp Meeting, the following Sunday.

A Delegate meeting will be held next Sunday, at East Leake, Nottinghamshire, to whioh the villages south of Nottingham ore requested to send delegates. The meeting to commence at ten o'clook in the morning, and to be held at Mr. G. Marshall’s, Castle Hill.

A Camp meeting will be held next Sunday, at two o’clock in the afternoon, at the Gravel Pit, on the Ings, East Leake. Messrs. Duffy, {Pepper, and Jarr&tt, are expected to attend.

On Saturday (this day) Mr. Duffy will leoture in the Association Room, Loughborough. He is likewise expected to preach HoLberry’s funeral sermon, iu the Market Place, at seven o'clock on Sunday evening. On Monday a special meeting of Loughborough Chartists will be held in the room at eight o'clock. Members admitted on shewing their cards. At nine a public meeting will be held in the Market Place, to eleot a delegate to the county delegate meeting.

BRADFORD. — A funeral sermon will be preached on the death of Holberry, in front of the Odd Fellows Hall, at two o’clock, on Sunday afternoon next (to-morrow), by Mr. Rushton, from Halifax. A collection will be made at the meeting on behalf of the widow.

HOLME LANE END. — Mr. Smyth will lecture at this place, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock, at the house of Mr. Abraham Pickles.

LEEDS DISTRICT. — A delegate meeting of this L district will be held to morrow morning, Sunday, in the Association room, Cheapside, at ten o'clock.

LEEDS. — Mr. Gummege will lecture in the Association room, to-morrow night, to commence at eight o’clock,

BRAMLEY. — Messrs. Frazer and Gammege will address the men of Bramley, on Monday night, at half-past seven o’clock.

HUNSLET CARR. — A meeting will be held here on Tuesday night, when Messrs. Gammege and Barnard will attend.

ARMLEY. — Mr. Gammege will leoture here on Wednesday night, at half-past seven o’clock.

ARMLEY. — A camp meeting will be held to-morrow afternoon, Sunday, at two o'clook, on Armley Moor, when several friends from Leeds will attend.

ROTHWELL. — Mr. T. B. Smith will preaoh two sermons here on Sunday (to-morrow) afternoon and evening. That in the evening will be in reference to the death of Holberry.

Mr. Cooper, from Leicester will lecture in the Association room, Holbeck, on Wednesday next, at half-past seven in the evening.

HOLBECK. — The Rev. W. V. Jackson will preaoh three sermons in the Association room, on Sunday, July 24th, aud will leoture at Bramley on Monday 25th, and Leeds on Tuesday the 26th.

Mr. M’Carthy will lecture on Sunday night at half-past six o’clock.
