LONDON. — Sunday Evening Lectures. —Mr. Illingworth will lecture at the Goldbeater's Arms, Old St. Pancras Hoad ; Mr. Wilson at the Carpenters’ Arms, Brick-lane ; Mr. Southie at the Hit or Miss, Globe Fields; Mr. Martyn, at the Cannon Coffee House, Old-street Road: Mr. Balls at the Star Coffee House, Golden-lane ; Mr. Ridley at the Clock House, Castle-street. Leioester-square; Mr. Duffield at the Three Crowns. Richmond-street; Mr. Fussell at the Crown Coffee House, Beak-street; Mr. Knight, at the Albion, Shoreditch ; Mr, Rouse, at the Buck’s Head, Bethnal Green; Mr. Mee at the Rising Sun, Oxford-street, Stepney ; Mr. Anderson, at the Charter Coffee House, Stretton Ground, Westminster. Mr. Mautz will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Hall, No. 1, China Walk, Lambeth.

Mr. Duffield will lecture on Monday evening, at the Rose and Crown, Camberwell.

Mr. Ferguson will lecture on Monday evening, at the Stag Tavern, Fulham Road.

Mr. Farrer will lecture on Monday evening, at the Britannia Coffee House, Waterloo Road.

Mr. Anderson will lecture on Tuesday evening, at 55, Old Bailey.

Mr. Illingworth will lecture on Tuesday evening, at the School Room, King-street, Compton-street, Clerkenwell.

Mr. Balls will lecture on Tuesday evening next, at the Eagle Coffee House, Guildford-street, Borough.

Mr. Fussell will lecture on Monday evening next, at the Feathers Tavern, Warren-street.

Mr. Fussell will lecture on Wednesday evening, at the Victoria, Limebouse.

A Concert, Ball, and Lottery will be held on Monday evening next, at the Stag Tavern, Fulham Road, the proceeds to go to the political victims. Tickets, admitting to the whole, 9d. each. Several professional gentlemen are engaged.

TOWER HAMLETS. — The Chartists of this locality are making arrangements for an excursion to Watford. on the 15th of August, at which place they intend to hold a  Chartist meeting.

KING AND QUEEN FOLEY-STREET. — Mr. Skelton will lecture here on Sunday evening at eight o’clock.

KNIGHTSBRIDGE. — Mr. Wheeler will leoture at the Eagle, North-street, on Tuesday evening, Marylebone.—Dr. P. M’Douall will lecture at the Working-men’s Hall, 5, Circus-street, New Road, on Sunday evening, at half-past seven o’clock.

LONDON FEMALES. — The female Chartists of the City meet every Tuesday evening, at half-past eight o’clock, for the purpose of enrolling members, and receiving contributions. Cards of enrolment, 2d. each ; weekly payments, Id.

LAMBETH. — Mr. Brown preaches to-morrow evening at No. 1, China Walk. —Mr. Balls lectures on Tuesday evening at the same place,

SURREY. — The members of the Surrey Council are requested to meet on Sunday next, at seven o’clock, at No. 1, China Walk, Lambeth, as business of importance will be brought before them.

Ruffy Ridley’s Tour. —  Monday and Tuesday, August 1st and 2nd, at Gloucester ; Wednesday, at Stroud; Thursday, at Cirencester. All localities in this district, requesting Mr. Ridley’s services, will have the goodness to direct to him at Mr. Abell’s, 15, Prince-street, Gloucester, by Sunday next.

BRADFORD. — On Saturday evening, (to night,) at eight o’clock, Mr. Brook will leoture at the Mason’s Arms,

A Meeting will be held at the Rose, Shamrock, and Thistle, Bradford, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock ; Messrs. Smyth and Hurley will address the meeting.

APPERLEY BRIDGE. — A Chartist meeting will be held here on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock. The parties who attend the Yeadon camp meeting will attend here.

YEADON MOOR. — A Chartist camp meeting will be held here on Sunday next, at two o’clock, when a discussion will take place between the Chartists and the Corn Law Repealers, on the benefits that would result to the working man from a repeal of the Corn Laws.

LEES. — On Sunday, July 24th, 1842, two sermons will be preached in the Congregational Methodist School Room, Lees, by Mr. Isaac Barrow, of Bolton, when a collection will be made after each sermon towards defraying the expenses of furnishing the Chartist Room. In the evening, the funeral sermon of the late Samuel Holberry, of Sheffield, will be preached.

CARLISLE. — On Sunday evening next, at eight o’clock, the secretary of the Carlisle Chartist Association, will read original observations on the prosecution and death of the late Samuel Holberry, with a view to a collection in aid of his bereaved widow, at the Council room, No. 6, John-street, Caldewgate.

ROCHDALE. — On Sunday the 25th inst., a camp meeting will be held on Cronky Shaw, near Rochdale, to commence at two o’olook precisely. Mr. Littler, of Manchester, will address the meeting.

BINGLEY. — The next delegate meeting of this district will be held in the Forester’s-court, York-street, Biagley, on Sunday, July 31st, at nine o’clock in the forenoon. The delegates are respectfully requested to be punctual, as the room will be required for a sermon in the afternoon.

LEICESTER. — All Saints Open. —A meeting of the members will be held on Monday evening next, for discussing the subject, “ What are the duties of Chartists at the present time and what are the best means of carrying out those duties ?" Mr, William Weston has kindly consented to open the discussion.

LEICESTER. — A camp meeting, for north and south Leicestershire, (if the weather permit) will be held on the recreation groond, Leicester, to morrow, (Sunday, July 24th) to commence at half-past ten o’clock in the forenoon. Mr. Beedham will open the moating in the morning, and addresses will follow, by Messrs. Pepper, of Normanton, and Jarratt of Loughborough ; Mr. Beedham will also open the meeting in the afternoon, and addresses will follow by Messrs. Bairstow and Skevington of Loughborough ; Mr. Cooper will open the meeting and deliver an address in the evening, and will be followed by Mr. Bairstow. —A delegate meeting of the whole county, will be held at Mr. Cooper’s rooms, the same day, to commence at nine in the morning. Each place in the county is urgently requested to Bend a deputy to the meeting.

GLASGOW. — A public meeting will be held in the Chartist hall, 20, Clyde-terrace,on Friday evening at eight o’clock, to hear an address from Con. Murray, in reply to those parties who attempted to refute the statements advanced in his lecture of the 17th ult.; all friendly to the suffering sons of labour are kindly invited to attend.

Wm Mitchell will lecture at the following places during the next week - Droylsden, Monday, July 25th; Hyde, Wednesday, the 27th; Stalybridge, Thursday, the 28th; and Hazlegrove, on Sunday, the 31st.

DUDLEY. — A delegate meeting will be held next Sunday afternoon, in the Association Room, at two o’clock. Delegates from all places in the looality are requested to attend.

ECCLES. — Mr. Bernard M'Cartney, of Liverpool, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Eooles, on Wednesday next, at half past seven o’clock.

DURHAM. — On Monday evening, -Mr. James Taylor, will lecture on the Sands. Mr. Richmond will lecture on the Sands, on Sunday afternoon, at two o’clock, on the death of Holberry, after which a collection will be made for the victim’s widow.

NEWPORT, SALOP. — A delegate meeting of the miners of the counties of Stafford, Shropshire; and Chester, will be held at Newport, in the county of Salop, on Sunday, the 31st of July, to take into consideration the propriety of calling a national delegate meeting of the miners of England and Wales. Delegates are requested to attend from the different localities of the above-named counties.

CALVERTON. — A county delegate meeting will be held at Calvorton, on Monday next, at the house of Mr. George Harrison, to take into consideration the propriety of engaging a lecturer for the county, and to transact other business of importance. It is hoped every looality will send a delegate. The meeting to take place at ten o’clock.

Mr. Clarke’s Route for the ensuing Week. — Nottingham Forest, on Sunday (to-morrow) ; Calverton, on Monday ; Mansfield, on Tuesday; Lambley, on Wednesday ; Nottingham Market place, on Thursday evening ; Hyson Green, on Friday ; and Robin Hood, on Saturday evening. All communications to be addressed, post-paid, to Mr. Samuel Boonham, care of Mr. J. Sweet, Goosegate, Nottingham.

Mr Duffy’s Route.—Monday, July 25, Loughborough ; Tuesday, Wilwick ; Wednesday, Bolton ; Thursday, Kegworth ; Friday, Castle Donningfcon ; Saturday, Melbourn.

On Sunday, July 31st a camp meeting will be held at Blackbrook, to commence at two o’clock in afternoon. The Friends of Sheepshead and Wilwick are to fix on the place.—On the same day a delegate meeting will be held at Sheepshead, at seven o’clock in the evening.

TROWBRIDGE. — Mr. Bartlett lectures in the Democratic Chapel at eight o’clock on Monday evening. 

NORTHAMPTONSHIRE. — Mr. Jones’s route for tb e next fortnight. —Eye, Monday, 25th; Onudle, Tuesday, the 26th; Raunds, Wednesday and Thursday, the 27th and 28th; Wellingborough, Friday aud Saturday, the 29th and 30th; Pitsford, Monday, the 1st of August; Daventry, Tuesday and Wednesday, the 2nd and 3rd; Long Buckby, Thursday and Friday, the 4th and 5th; No Bottle, Saturday, the 6 th; Pitsford, Monday, the 8 th; Northampton, Tuesday, the 9th.

SUTTON-IN-ASHFIELD. — Feargus O’Connor, Esq. will make his public entry into this poverty-stricken village, to contend for the rights of the rich, and no more; and the rights of the poor, and no less, at three o’clock in the afternoon of Tuesday next, July 26th, when it is hoped that all the haters of the liberty of the working class will attend. —A tea party will take place the same evening, in honour of the above gentleman, when a large booth will be erected for the occasion. Tickets for males, one shilling; females, ninepence each ; and may be had of the Market-place; T. Radford, Idlewells ; A. Witham, Over Green ; M. Gonnor, King-street; M. Johnson, Skegby ; T. Hibbard, Mansfield ; John Hunt, Forest-side ; Mr. Firth Kirkby, Forest-side ; and of Mr. Thomas Crompton, New Road, Sutton-in-Ashfield, sub-Secretary.

OLDHAM. — Mr. Daniel Dunavan will lecture in the Chartist-room, Greaves-street, on Sunday next, at six o’clock in the evening.

HALIFAX. — On Sunday (to-morrow), a funeral sermon will be preached in the Chartist room, Swan-coppice, on the death of our lamented brother, Saml. Holberry, by Mr. William Wilkinson, after which a collection will be made for the benefit of Mrs. Holberry ; service to commence at two o’clock in the afternoon. —In the evening, Mr. Wilkinson will deliver a discourse in the same place, from the words, “ My people, children are your oppressors and women rule over you.” To commence at half-past five o’clock.

SOUTHOWRAM. — On Sunday morning (to-morrow), an open-air meeting will be held on Siddell Top (weather permitting), at half-past eight o’clock. Mr. Wallace and other friends from Halifax will address the meeting.

KEIGHLEY. — Mr. Benjamin Rushfcon will preash Holberry’s funeral sermon on Sunday (to-morrow), at five o’clock in the evening, in the Working Man’s Hall, Sun-street, A collection will be made for the disconsolate widow.

EAST AND NORTH RIDINGS. — Will any Chartist in Thirst, Kirbymoorside, or Pickering, in the North Riding, and Driffield, or any other town, in the East Riding, who have not yot, but would like to have, the services of a lecturer, send their address to the District Secretary, Edward Burley, 19, Bilton-street, Layerthorp, York, as he wishes to correspond with them on the subject.

BIRMINGHAM. — A public meeting of the boot and shoemakers of Birmingham will be held at the Britannia, Peck-1 A ne, on Tuesday evening, when a lecture will bo given. Chair to be taken at eight o’clook.

An adjourned public meeting will be holden near the Great Western Railway Station, on Monday evening, July 25th, to take into consideration the principles as contained in the People's Charter, and to, memorialise her Majesty on behalf of Brook, Peddie, and all political offenders. The chair will be taken at half-past six precisely, by a working man.

The South Lancashire delegate meeting will be held on Sunday (to-morrow) in the Brown-street Chartist room, at eleven o’clock in the forenoon, when each locality is expected to send a delegate, with the levy for the support of the lecturer. The new plans will be ready for the various localities.

There will be a Teetotal camp meeting held at Staley Bridge, on Sunday (to-morrow) when Mr. P. M. Brophy, and other advocates of the principles of total abstinence will address the meeting.

ECCLES. — The Chartist youths will hold a camp meeting in Eocles, on Sunday (to-morrow) if the weather permit.

CARPENTERS' HALL. — Two lectures will be delivered in the above Hall, on Sunday, (to-morrow) July 24th, in the afternoon at half-past two- o’clock.
