Notice. — On Monday evening next Mr. Feargus O’Connor will address the Chartists of Bath. On Tuesday there will be a tea party in that town, at which Mr. O’Conner will attend. On Wednesday and Thursday next he will address the people of Bristol ; and on Saturday (this day week) he will address the people of Trowbridge.

LEEDS. — In consequence of Mr. O’Connor’s engagement in Somersetshire next week, it will not be in his power to deliver his promised lectures at Leeds before Monday, the 7th of August.

LEEDS DISTRICT. — A General Council Meeting will be hold to-morrow (Sunday) morning, in the Large Room, Cheapside, to commence at ten o’clock.

Mr. T. B. Smith will deliver two lectures in the above room, to-morrow afternoon, at half-past two, and in the evening at hall-past six o’clock.

LONDON. — Mr. M'Grath will lecture at the Star, Golden-lane, on Sunday next, and eight o’clock in the evening.

Miss S. Inge will lecture on Sunday evening at half-past seven o’clock at the Working Man’s Hall, 29 1/2, Mile-end-road.

Ireland in London. — A public meeting will be holden on Monday evening, at half-past seven o’clock, on Clerkenwell-green, to memorialize her Majesty in opposition to tho Irish Arms Bill. Thomas Duncombe, Esq. M.P. and others will attend.

Mr. Stallwood will lecture on Tuesday next, at the South London Hall of Science, Blackfriars-road, on " the Repeal of the Legislative Union between Great Britain and Ireland.”

Mr. Preston will lecture at the Golden Lion, Dean-street, Soho, on Sunday evening next, at eight o’clock.

NORTH LANCASHIRE. — Mr. J, R. Bairstow, from Leicester, will lecture at the following places during the next fortnight: - Chorley, On Monday, 24th July; Darwen, 25th; Blackburn, ; Haslingden, 27th ; Bacup, 28th ; Accrington, 29th. On Sunday, the 30th of July, there will be a camp meeting at Bull Hill, near Blackburn, to begin at one o’clock in the afternoon. Mr. Bairstow will also lecture at the following places : - Burnley, July 31st ; Colne, August 1st; Barnoldswick, 2nd ; Clitheroe, 3rd ; Sabden, 4th ; Padiham, 5th. On Sunday, 6th, a camp meeting at Marsden Heights, at one o’clock in the afternoon. Mr. Bairstow and other speakers will address the camp meetings.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. H. Dorman will preach in the Market-place, on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.

KELSO. — Mr. Dickinson will lecture every Tuesday evening, for the next three weeks. Subject for next Tuesday evening — The Monster Monopoly.”

HALIFAX. — A Camp Meeting will be holden on Illingworth Moor, on Sunday (to-morrow), at two o’clock in the afternoon. Several talented gentlemen will address the meeting.

MILNROW. — On Sunday, Mr. James Leach, of Manchester, will deliver a lecture in the Chartist room, at six o’clock in the evening.

HEBDEN BRIDGE. — Mr. B. Rushton, of Ovenden, will preach at Heptonstall, on Sunday (to-morrow), at one o’clock, p.m., and in the Democratic Chapel, Hebden Bridge-lane, at six o’clock in the evening.

HONLEY, NEAR HUDDERSFIELD. - A district meeting will be held on Sunday next (to-morrow), at Honley, at one o'clock, when it is hoped as many will attend as possible,

OLDHAM. — On Sunday (to-morrow), Mr. John Leach, of Hyde, will lecture in the Chartist room, at half-past six o’clock in the evening. Subject— " The moral and political state of the country, and the changes likely to take place.”

On Monday the members are requested to meet at eight o’clock in the evening, to take into consideration the propriety of establishing a discussion class for mental improvement.

BOLTON. — A delegate meetingwill be holden at the house of Mr. James Haslam, sign of the Seven Stars, near to Bradshaw Chapel, on Sunday (tomorrow), at one o’clock, p.m,, of the undermentioned places, viz: — Bury, Radcliffe-bridge, Ringley, Halshaw Moor, Tyldsley, Chowbent, West Houghton, Blackrod, Horridge, Belmont, Chapel-Town, Harwood Lee, Ramsmbottom, Cocky Moor, Astley-Bridge, and Great and Little Bolton ; when the propriety of holding a Chartist Camp Meeting in some central part of the district will be taken into consideration. It is earnestly requested that the places above named, will not neglect to send delegates to the meeting; as business of great importance will be laid before them.

HEYWOOD. — A camp meeting will be holden on Sunday, at two o’clock in the afternoon, on the open space of ground near the White Lion. Messrs. Wood and Chadwick,, of Rochdale, Bell and others of Heywood, will address the meeting. In the evening of the same day, Mr. Wood will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Room, Hartley-street, to commence at six o’clock.

On Wednesday, the 26th, the South Lancashire Missionary, will lecture in the same room.

OAKENSHAW. — On Sunday, tho 23d of July, the North Lancashire delegate meeting will take place at the Socialist Room, Padiham, at one o’clock in the afternoon, when delegates from all localities in North Lancashire are expected to attend. There will be business of importance to transact.

BIRMINGHAM. — Mr. Mason’s lecture next Tuesday evening, will be on " The capabilities of the Land, and the means of legitimately resuming the possession of it.”

The Chartists will hold their monthly conference in the Aston-street room, on Monday next, at seven o’clock in the evening. The members are requested to attend, as there is business of great importance to be brought forward.

BRIERLEY HILL, NEAR DUDLEY. — Mr. Mason will address an open air meeting at this place next Monday evening.

SHEFFIELD. — Visit of Mr. Hill. — As stated in Mr. Hill’s letter, in last week’s Star, that gentleman will visit Sheffield on Monday next, July 24th. It is intended to take the Town Hall (if it can be procured), to afford the Sheffield Chartists the opportunity of hearing Mr. H. on “ The present state and prospects of the nation.” We trust that not only the Chartists but also men of all parties, alive to the present dangers of the country will give Mr. Hill a hearing, and judge for themselves of the soundness of his views and efficacy of the means he would adopt to save our fatherland from the fearful storm of anarchy and misery now impending over us. P.S. The Town Hall having been refused, Mr. Hill will lecture in the Charter Association Room, Fig-Tree-Lane, Admission One Penny. Doors open at seven. Lecture to commence at eight o’clock.

FIG-TREE LANE. — The Northern Star and Nation will be read on Sunday evening commencing at six o’clock. At seven o’clock a discussion on the subject of “ Organization”.

LEICESTER. — A public meeting will be held in the Market-place, at half-past seven o’clock, p.m, on Monday, July 24th, to take the necessity of erecting a Democratic Hall of science into consideration, and to elect a Committee of Management.

BRADFORD. — A meeting will be holden in the large room, Butterworth Buildings, on Tuesday evening, at eight o’clook, to enrol members in the Bradford Joint Stock Land Association. The Council Room will bo open on Saturday evening, for the enrolment of members; also on Monday evening, for the same purpose. The Northern Star ond other Democratic papers are read in the room.

A camp meeting will be held at Undercliffe, on Sunday, 30th of July, at ten o’clock in the forenoon. Messrs. Dawson, Hurley, and Alderson will address the meeting

On Monday evening the Wooloombers will meet at seven o’clock, on the open piece of ground near the Temperance Hall. Delegates from the various firms will attend and report the week’s proceedings respecting the advance of wages.

The visiting committee appointed by the council will meet on Sunday morning, at nine o'clock, at the Chartist Room, George-street, and at Bowling Back-lane Chartist Room, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

A special meeting of tho Council will be held on Sunday evening at seven o’clock, in Butterworth buildings.- A full attendance is requested as the report of the visiting committee will delivered.

LITTLE HORTON. — The Chartists of Little Horton will meet on Sunday morning at nine o’clock, to take into consideration the plan of Organization, and the election of an Executive, or Conference. A full attendance is requested.

WAPPING. — Mr. Dawson will deliver a lecture in the association room, Wapping, on Sunday morning at nine o’clock. Admission free.

MANNINGHAM. — The Chartists of Manningham will meet at two o’clock on Sunday afternoon; the secretary will attend to receive their report respecting the Organization.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. G. Loyd, of Liverpool, will lecture in the Carpenters' Hall, on Sunday, (tomorrow,) at half-past six in the evening.

WEST RIDING DELEGATE MEETING. — We the undersigned beg most earnestly to call upon the Chartists residing in the several districts of Bradford, Halifax, Barnsley, Sheffield, Leeds, Huddersfield, Bingley, Keighley, and Dewsbury to appoint delegates to attend a delegate meeting, to be holden in the large room over the Co-operative Stores, Dewsbury, on Sunday, July 30th, to take into consideration the most efficient plan of organizing the Chartist body.

Wm. Brook, Leeds*

Edwd. Clayton, Huddersfield. jAMfes Fox, Dewsbury.
