Ireland for the Irish. Repeal of the Union. Feargns O’Connor, Esq., will lecture on the above subject, on Wednesday evening next, in the Large Theatre of the South London Hall of Science, (late Rotunda,) Blackfriars’ Road, to commence at eight o’clock precisely. Admittance 1d., Gallery, 2d. Englishmen ! shew your sympathy with our much wronged and suffering brethren of Ireland in their struggle for justice. —God prosper the people.

LONDON. — An harmonic meeting will beheld at the Golden Lion, Dean-street, Soho, opposite St. Ann’s Church, on Tuesday, August 8th, at eight precisely for the benefit of Mr. Railton, of Manchester.

STAR, GOLDEN LANE. — There will be a lecture delivered here on Sunday next, at eight in the evening, by a talented gentleman.

GOLDEN LION, DEAN STREET, SOHO. — A general meeting of the members of this locality will be holden at the above place, on Sunday evening next, to make arrangements for sending delegates to the projected National Conference. A lecture will alee be delivered, by Mr. Bolwell, on H the Life of Robert Emmett to commence at eight o’clock.

MARYLEBONE. — Second Annual Excursion to Watford, on Monday, August 7th, 1843.—The Committee of the Marylebone Association having made arrangements with the landlord of the Wheat-sheaf Inn, at Watford, for the accommodation of the party, in his Tea Gardens, are confident that nothing will be wanting to render them both comfortable and pleasant. Tickets 2s. each. Vans will start in the morning, from Circus-street, New Road, at eight o’clock precisely.

TOWER HAMLETS. — The Chartists of the Tower Hamlets are requested to attend the funeral obsequies of a deceased brother, Mr. Willmore, on Sunday, August 6th, at the Cambridge Road Cemetery. The procession will start from Mr. Drake’s, Standard of Liberty, Brick Lane, at half-past two o’clock.

HEYWOOD. - Mr. James Read will preach two sermons in the Chartist Association Room, Hartley Street, on Sunday next, the 30th inst., to commence at two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six o’clock in the evening. A collection will be made at the close of each sermon towards defraying the expences.

OLDHAM. — Mr. William Dixon will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at half-past six in the evening, when a collection will be made to defray the expence of the room.

CLITHEROE. — Mr. Bairstow will lecture in Padiham, on Thursday evening, August 4th, and in Clitheroe, on Saturday evening, August 6th, on the open space of ground over Shaw Bridge, at six o’clock precisely.

ROCHDALE. — A camp meeting will be holden tomorrow (Sunday), on Rooley Moor, near Lane Head ; to commence at two o’clock. A friend will lecture the same evening, in the Chartist Room, top of Yorkshire-street; to commence at half-past six o’clock.

SHAW. — On Sunday, the 6th of August, a camp meeting will be holden on Shore Edge, near Shaw ; to commence at two o’clock.

BRADFORD. — On Sunday (to-morrow), a camp meeting will be holden at Undercliffe, at ten o’clock in the morning. Messrs. Hurley, Dawson, Aldereon, and Ross have promised to attend.

WHITE ABBEY. — The Chartists of White Abbey will meet on Monday evening, at eight o’clock ; a deputation from the Council will attend. The question of Organization will be discussed.

The members of the General Council will meet in their room, Butterworth Buildings, at six o’clock on Sunday evening. The delegates from Dewsbury will report the proceedings and result of that important meeting.

HALIFAX. — A special delegate meeting of this district will be holden on Sunday (to-morrow), at two o’clock in the afternoon, in the Association Room, Pellon Lane. A good attendance of delegates is particularly requested.

WARLEY. — A camp meeting will be holden on Warley Moor, on Sunday, August 6th ; to commence at two o’clock in the afternoon.

CHESHIRE DELEGATE MEETING. - The adjourned Chester County Delegate Meeting will be holden at Macclesfield, on Sunday, August 6th, at ten o’clock in the forenoon ; all communications for the meeting to be addressed to Mr. John Warren, at Mr. D. Oldham’s, Pack-green, Macclesfield.

SILSTON. — The Chartists of Silston are requested to meet at Mr. John Pepper’s next Sunday morning, at nine o’clock.	.

Mr. J. Pepper will preach at Riddings next Sunday (to-morrow), at half past two o’clock in the afternoon ; and at six o’clock in the evening, in Mr. Maltley’s yard, at the sign of the New Inn.

An Harmonic Meeting will ba held at the Feathers, Warren-street, Tottenham Court Road, on Monday next, at eight o’clock in the evening. The proceeds to be given to the wife of the patriot Cooper.

SOMERSTOWN. — There will be a lecture on Sunday evening next, at Mr. Duddridge’s, Bricklayer’s Arms, Tonbridge-street, New-road.

A General Meeting of the Chartists of Somers Town is called for Tuesday evening next, on important business.	

Mr. Fussell will lecture at the Black Horse and Windmill, Fieldgate-street, Whitechapel, on Sunday next, at eight o’clock in the evening.

The Members of the above locality will please to attend a general meeting on Tuesday evening next, on business of importance.

STOCKPORT. — On Sunday evening, at six o’clock, Mr. Thos. Davies, of Hawick, Sootland, will lecture in the large room, Hillgate. Admission, One Penny.

LOUGHBOROUGH. — A Delegate Meeting for this neighbourhood, will be holden on Sunday, August the 6th, at 5 p m., at the Charter Hotel, when it is hoped that every village will send a delegate.

EAST LEAKE. — Mr. Skevington will address the friends of freedom at this place, on Monday the 7th of August.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. James Leach will lecture in the Carpenters’ Hall, on Sunday, (to-morrow,) at half-past six o’clock in the evening. There will also be a Discussion, in the Large Anti-Room of the above Hall, to commence at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon. Subject— "Are the Chartists justified in uniting the Land question with the agitation for the Charter? "

SOUTH LANCASHIRE. — Mr. Leach’s Route for the ensuing week : - Monday, the 31st, Milnrow, near Rochdale; Tuesday, August 1st, Ashton-under-Lyne; Wednesday, 2nd, Stayley Bridge; Thursday, 3rd, Fails worth ; Friday 4th, Hollinwood ; Sunday 6th, Rochdale.

The Coal Miners will hold a Camp Meeting, at Little Lever, on Sunday (to-morrow,) at half past two o’clock in the afternoon. The Miners of Ratcliffe Bridgo, Halshaw Moor, Ringley,and the ocher places in the neighbourhood are expected to attend.

A Delegate Meeting will be holden at Blackstone Edge, near Littleborough, on Sunday (to-morrow), at eleven o’clock in the forenoon. Delegates must bring credentials with them.

SHEFFIELD. - Fig-Tree Lane. “ Labour’s Wrongs and Labour’s Remedy.” —On Monday evening, Mr. Harney will deliver an address on " The past condition of the industrious classes of this country," commencing at eight o’clock precisely.

A Members’ meeting on Wednesday evening, August 2nd. After the usual business, the discussion on " Organization” will be resumed. The discussion will be continued on Thursday and Friday evenings, commencing at eight o’clock.

LEEDS. — Mr. T. B. Smith will preach in the Vicar’s Croft, on Sunday evening (to-morrow), at half-past seven o’clock. Subject — “The duties of Englishmen as Christians towards their Irish brethren in the present fearful state of public affairs."

A Delegate Meeting of the West Riding will beheld to-morrow morning,in the large room over the Co-operative Store, Dewsbury, at eleven o'clock; business of great importance to the Riding is to be brought forward.	

Mr. Christopher Doyle, from Manchester, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Cheapside, to-morrow afternoon, at half-past two; to-morrow evening, at half-past six, and on Monday night, at eight o'clock. 
