OLDHAM. — Mr. Hill preaches in Grosvenor-street Chapel to-morrow, at two in the afternoon, and six in the evening.

HULL. — Mr. Hick, of Leeds, will preach in the large room, No. 8, Church Side, to-morrow, at halfpast ten in the morning, and at half-past six in the evening.

LEEDS AND HUNSLET. — Sermons will be preached to-morrow afternoon in Vicar’s Croft, and in the evening on Hunslet Moor, by Messrs. Stflith and Parker.

Mr. Skevington, of Loughborough, will deliver a lecture in the Chartist meeting room, Hill-side, Chesterfield, on Wednesday evening next, the 29th instant, to commence at half-past seven o’clock. A collection will be made after the lecture, to defray the expences.

NOTTINGHAM. — On Monday evening next, at eight o’clock, Mr. J. Skevington, of Loughborough, will lecture in the chapel, Rice-place, Nottingham. —On Tuesday evening, at Mansfield ; and on Wednesday, at Sutton-in-Ashfield.

Dean Taylor will preach at the Chartist Chapel, Meadow-side, Arnold, on Sunday, the 25th instant, at six o'clock in the evening.

Mr. Candy will lecture on Monday next, and each evening next week, at seven o’clock:

DARLASTON. — At the Bull Stakes, Darlaston; subject, Old and New Poor Laws.

WEDNESBURY. — At the High Bulling, Wednesbury ; subject, Political Economy.

WOLVERHAMPTON. — At the Temperance Coffeo House, Mr. Hoggs', Snow-hill, Wolverhampton; subject, Monarchy and Republicanism.

BILSTON. — At the Ball Court, Bilston; subject, the Necessity of Union to accomplish our Political Redemption.	»

MACCLESFIELD. — The Whigs’ funeral sermon will be preached in the Chartist Room, Watercotes, on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock, by Mr. West, when Whigs, ton Law Repealers, Socialists, Sham Radicals, and all other chief mourners are invited to attend.

HALIFAX. — Mr. W. Martin, late student in the Whig colleges, of Northallerton and Lancaster, will preaoh on Sunday next, in the open air, if the weather permit, on the South-end of North-bridge, at four o’clock in the afternoon.

SUNDERLAND. — Mr. Williams will lecture at the Life-boat Room, on Sunday afternoon at half-past two. o’clock.

TOWER HAMLETS. — Mr. Wall lectures next Sunday evening, at the Tower Hamlets, on the policy of Whigs and Tories.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Edmund Stallwood has accepted the invitation of the men of Marylebone, and will lecture in the Working Men’s Hall, Circus-street, on Sunday evening next, on the Charter, its principles, their practicability, the means of ob-tainment, &c. &c.

BELPER. - Mr. Bairstow, the Chartist Missionary, will lecture here on Friday, the 30th, at seven in the evening.

HOLBROOK. — Mr. Bairstow will lecture here on Monday, July 26th, at seven o’clock in the evening.

ALFRETON. — Mr. Bairstow will lecture here on Tuesday evening, the 27th, at seven.

SWANWICK. — Mr. Bairstow will be here on Wednesday, the 28th, at seven in the evening.

RIPLEY. — Mr. Bairstow will lecture here on Thursday evening, the 29th, at seven.

MILLFORD. — Mr. Bairstow will lecture here on Saturday, the 31st, at seven o'clock in the evening, and will preach in the Market Place on Sunday, Aug. 1st, at half-past five in the evening.

BIRMINGHAM. — A soiree will be held in the Chartist Church, Newhall-street, on Monday, the 26th instant, in honour of the liberation of Mr. Brown from Warwick Gaol, when all friends are particularly requested to attend, as the overplus will be for the benefit of the family.

WEST RIDING DELEGATE MEETING. — A West-Riding Delegate Meeting will be held on Sunday, August 1st, at ten o’clock in the forenoon, in the large room over the co-operative stores, Dewsbury, for the purpose of taking into consideration whether a lecturer shall be appointed in place of George Julian Harney. The regular business of the Riding will also be entered into. It is particularly requested that as many places as possible will send delegates.

LIVERPOOL. — Mr. William Jones will deliver a lecture in tho Chartist Association Room, Preston-street, on Wednesday evening next, at eight o’clock.

HUDDERSFIELD. — There will be a delegate meeting held next Sunday the 25th, at six o’clock in evening, at the Dog Inn, Kirkgate, on general and important business, when delegates from Holmfirth, Honley, Meltham, Slaithwaite, and Lindley are expected to attend.
