HUNSLET. — Mr. W. Hick will preach on Stock-hill, Hunslet, on Sunday, the 1st of August, at half-past six o’clock in the evening, weather permitting.

NOTTINGHAMSHIRE. — Mr. W. D. Taylor will lecture in the Chapel, Rice-place, on Monday, August lst;.at Arnold, on Tuesday; at Sutton-in-Ashfield, on Wednesday; and at Mansfield, on Thursday.

MILNROW. — Mr. Francis Louis, of Oldham, will lecture here on Sunday evening, at six o’clock.

ASHTON. -— The Chartists of this place are requested to meet in their room, on Sunday (to-morrow), at nine o’clock in the morning.

WEST RIDING. — Mr. George Julian Harney will lecture on Monday, August 2nd, at Huddersfield; Tuesday, Lepton; Wednesday, Honley; Thursday, Paddock Friday, Ripponden; and Saturday, Aug. 7th, Warley.

Mr. Skevington will lecture at Bradford on Saturday, (this evening); at Leeds, in the Association Room, Cheapside, Shambles, on Sunday evening, at seven o’clock, and on Monday evening, the 2nd of August, at eight o’clock; at York,on Tuesday, the 3rd of August; at Selby, on the 4th; and at Hull, on the 5th; at which places it is requested that arrangements will be made for the above purposes.

CAMBERWELL AND WALWORTH. — A public meeting of the inhabitants of this district will be holden at the Rose and Crown, on Tuesday, August 3rd, to elect delegates to the Middlesex county meeting.

MANCHESTER. — A Chartist ball will be holden in the Brown-street Room, on Monday, August 9, for the benefit of O’Brien. Gentlemen’s tickets, 9d; Ladies, 6d.

DERBYSHIRE. — Mr. Bairstow lectures at Derby on Monday evening ; at Brearton, on Tuesday; at Sawles, on Wednesday; at Melbourne, on Thursday; and at Castle Donnington, on Friday; at seven o’clock each evening, On Sunday he preaches at Derby Market-place, at six in the evening. Collections after each lecture.

WIGAN. — Mr. William Dixon will lecture on Sunday evening next, August 1st, at half-past seven, in the Chartist Association Room, Millgate, on the principles of the People’s Charter, and the necessity of the people joining in a thorough union to achieve their political rights,

STAFFORDSHIRE. — Mr. Candy will lecture at Darlaston, on Monday ; at Wednesbury, on Tuesday ; at Wolverhampton, on Wednesday ; and at Bilston, en Thursday.

SUNDERLAND. — Mr. Binns will lecture at the Life Boat House, on Sunday afternoon, at half-past two o’clock.

LIVERPOOL. - Mr. B. McCartney will lecture in the Association Room, Preston-Street, on Wednesday evening next.

Mr. Chas. Connor will lecture as follows during the next week:— On Monday, August 2, Holmfirth, at six in the evening; Tuesday, 3rd, Huddersfield, at eight in the evening, in the Association Room; Wednesday, 4th, Slaithwaite, at eight in the evening; Thursday, 5th, Honley, at half-past seven in the evening; Friday, 6th, Lindley, at eight in the evening; Saturday, 7th. Meltham, at six in the evening.
