LONDON. - Lectures will be delivered at the following places on Sunday evening :—China Walk, Lambeth, by Mr. Ferguson. Goldbeater’s Arms, by Mr. Frederic, Carpenters’ Arms, by Mr. Anderson. Hit-or-Miss, by Mr. Martyn. Star Coffee House, by Mr. Wheeler. Clock House, Castle street, by Mr. Ranse. Three Crowns, Richmond-street, by Mr. Farrer. Crown Coffee House, Beak street, by Mr. Illingworth.	Albion Coffee House, Church-street, Shoreditch, by Mr. Sewell. Charter Coffee House, Stretton Ground, VVestminster, bv Mr. Duffield. Buck’s Head, Bethnal Green, by Mr. Fussell. Rising Sun, Oxford-street, Stepney, by Mr. Manta.

Lectures will be delivered at the following places on Monday evening: - Rose and Crown, Camberwell, by Mr. Ferguson. Stag Tavern, Fulham-road, by Mr. Wheeler, Black Bull, Hammersmith-road, by Mr. Martyn. Britannia Coffee House, Waterloo-road, by Mr. Rance. Feathers’ Tavern, Warren-street, by Mr. Mantz.

Lectures will be delivered at the following places on Tuesday evening: — 55, Old Bailey, Mr. Wheeler, Clerkenwell School-room, King-street, Mr. Sewell, Eagle Coffee House, Guildford-street, Borough, Mr, Duffield. Eagle, North-street, Knightsbridge, Mr. Dowling.

LIMEHOUSE. — Mr. Illingworth will lecture at the Victoria, 3, Colt-street, on Wednesday evening.

LAMBETH CHARTISTS' YOUTH. - Mr. Burgess returns at three o’clock to-morrow, at 1, China-Walk.

CITY. — Ladies’ Shoemakers. —We have removed our Association from the "Cannon Coffee House,” Old-street, to the " Star Coffee House,” Golden-lane, where we shall meet every Sunday evening.

TOWER HAMLETS. — Dr. M'Douall will lecture at the Crown and Anchor, Cheshire-street, Waterloo Town, on Sunday evening, at seven o’clock.

POLITICAL AND SCIENTIFIC INSTITUTE, 55, OLD BAILEY. — On Monday, in each week, a class for the instruction of dancing meet; admission, 3d.

On Tuesday in each week, the Chartists meet for the dispatch of business, at eight o’clock.

On Wednesday in each week, the Teetotal Chartists meet for the despatch of business, at eight o’clock.

On Sunday, July 31st, Mr. Cameron will lecture here, at seven o’clock in the evening.

TOWER HAMLETS. — Feargus O’Connor, Esq., will attend a public meeting on Monday next, on Stepney Green, to adopt a memorial to the Queen and a remonstrance to the House of Commons.

A public meeting of the members of the Carpenter’s Arms, Brick-lane locality, will be held next Sunday evening.

LAMBETH. — Mr. Ferguson will lecture at 3, China-walk, on Sunday, at eight o’clock. A lecture will also he delivered on Tuesday evening, at eight.

MONMOUTH. — Mr. George Evans lectures on Monday, at seven in the evening.

STROUD WATER. — Mr. George Evans lectures on Friday, at seven in the evening.

BOLTON. — A delegate meeting takes place at the Association Room, Howell-croft, Great Bolton, at ono o’clock, on Sunday afternoon, July 1st, to take into consideration the necessity of holding a camp meeting. Delegates are requested to attend from the following places: —Black Rod, Leigh, Tidesley, Chowbent, Ringby, Bury, Harwood Lee, BHmount, West Houghton, Bedford, Astley Green, Halshaw-moor, Rarcliff Bridge, Cockey-moor, Turton, Horwich, and Indby.

STOCKTON. — On Saturday evening, Mr. Williams, of Sunderland, will lecture here, and on Sunday afternoon he will address a meeting in the open air.

SUNDERLAND. — On Sunday afternoon, Mr. Chappie, of Sunderland, will lecture on tho Town Moor, at two o’clock.

TUNSTALL. — Mr. John Johnson will lecture on Howard’s Green, Tunstall, on August 5th,

Mr. Clark’s Route for the ensuing week: - Ruddington, Sunday, at six o’clock in the evening; Carlton, Monday ; New Radford, Tuesday ; Beeston, Wednesday ; Nottingham, near the Rancliffe Tavern, Thursday evening ; Noah’s Ark, Saturday.

ARNOLD. — On Sunday next., Mr. West will preach two sermons in the Chartist Chapel. Arnold, at halfpast two in the afternoon, and at six in the evening.

A collection will be made at the close of each service in aid of the chapel fund.

FROME. — On Sunday, August 5th, a delegate meeting will be held at the house of Mr. Charles White, near the Castle Inn, Catharine-hill, Frome, when and where delegates are expected to attend from the surrounding districts.

LONGTON. — Mr. John Richards will deliver a lecture on Sunday next, on the Chartist ground, Vauxhall.

HUDDERSFIELD. — A camp meeting will be held on the top of Castle-hill, on Sunday next (to-morrow).

A district delegate meeting will also bo held at the same place, when all delegates are requested to be ia attendance at two o’clock.

MILES PLATTING. — Mr. Edward Clarke will lecture here on Sunday, the 31st, at half-past six o’clock in the evening.

BINGLEY DISTRICT. — The Rev. W. Y. Jackson will lecture at Haworth, on Wednesday, August 3; Denholme, on Thursday the 4th; Wilsden, Friday, the 5th; Shipley, Saturday, the 6th; Idle, on Monday, the 8th; Bingley, on Tuesday, the 9th; Cul-lingiworth, Wednesday, the 10th; Silsden, ou Thursday, the 11th; Addingham, on Friday, the 12th; Skipton, on Saturday, the 33th; and at Keighley, on Monday, the 15th.

The Rev. William Hill will preach two sermons in the Foresters' Court, Bingley, on Sunday, July 31st (to-morrow), to commence at two o’clock in the afternoon, and six in the evening. A collection will be made after each sermon.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. J. White, from the Potteries, will preach on the Forest, on Sunday next.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday (to-morrow), Mr, Richard Lit tier, of Salford, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at six o’clock in the evening.

BURY. — Mr. Bell, the South Lancashire delegate, is expected to lecture here on Monday next, in the Garden-street Lecture Room, at eight o’clock in the evening ; and a Tea Party will take place on the 20th day of August, in the same room, at which Mr. O’Connor has promised to attend. Tickets for the tea party may be had at the following places Mr. Thomas Hay, Bolton-street; Mr. Henry Roberts, Barlow-street; and of all the district collectors aud lecturers ; and also of Mr. Martin Ireland, Hornby-street; and at the Garden-street Lecture Room every Monday night.

MILNROW. — A Chartist oamp meeting will be held in the Croft, Milnrow, near the Association Room, on Sunday next, the 31st inst., to commence at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon. Mr. Bell, South Lancashire Missionary, Mr. John Leach, and other gentlemen will address the meeting.

TROWBRIDGE. — Notice. —On Friday evening, tho 5th of August, being the first day of the Fair, the Chartist Council intend to get up a supper in the Chartist Hall, on which occasion Messrs. Ruffy Ridley and Bartlett are expected to attend, as they have been respectfully invited. Early application for tickets must be made, as the number will be limited,

THORNTON. — On Sunday, July 31st., the Rev. W. V. Jackson, of Manchester, will preach three sermons in the Chartist Association Room, Thornton, near Bradford. There will be a collection in the afternoon and night towards his chapel.

LITTLE TOWN. — Mr. John Elisa will preach in the Association Room, on Sunday afternoon and evening. On Sunday, the 7th of August, Mr. J. Bray will preach in the afternoon, at half-past two ; and Mr. G. Brook, at six in the evening.

GREAT HORTON. — Mr. John Burrows will lecture on Sunday, in the Chartist Meeting Room, at six o’clock in the evening, A few friends from Bradford are particularly requested to attend.

GREETLAND MOOR. — On Sunday evening (to-morrow,) there will be a camp meeting held ou this Moor (near Jack Fox’s,) at nine o'clock.

Mr. Wm. Beesley will lecture in Rochdale, on Sunday, and at Halifax on Tuesday.

EAST AND NORTH RIDINGS. — Mr. Dean Taylor will visit the following places during next week, viz — Monday at Hull; Tuesday, at Beverley; Wednesday, at Holme ; Thursday and Friday, at Howden ; Saturday, at Pocklington ; and Monday, at Mahon.

Mr. Bell’s Route for the ensuing week: —Bury, Monday ; Heywood, Tuesday ; Royton, Wednesday ; Ashton-under-Lyne, Thursday; and at Mosley, on Friday.

BELPER. — Mr. West’s route for the ensuing week, each evening, at seven o’clock,—Belper, Monday ; Duffield, Tuesday; Swannot, Wednesday ; Ashover, Thursday ; Wirksworth, Friday. On Sunday at Swanwick, at half-past ten o’clock in the morning; and at six in the evening at Belper Market-place.

MOTTRAM. — A discussion on the effects of class legislation, will be holden tomorrow afternoon.

LIVERPOOL. — The members are particularly requested to attend on Sunday evening, July 31st, at half-past seven o'clock, in the Association Room, Preston-street, when the quartet accounts will he read over, councillors for the ensuing quarter elected, and other business of importance will be brought forward. Also, all parties who hold tickets for the late soiree, held in the Queen's Theatre, books or money, connected with the O’Brien Press' Fund, are hereby requested to make their returns to the treasurer, Mr. James Edwards, at the latest on Tuesday evening, August 2nd, at Mr. Jones’s Temperance Hotel, Houghton-street, in order that the Committee may be enabled to bring forward their balance sheet on Sunday, the 9th of August.

BIRMINGHAM. — Mr. Soar will lecture at the Shoemakers’ Room on Sunday, and at the Wash-ington-rooms, on Monday night.

A Camp meeting will be held at Kelcoat on Sunday (to-morrow), at two o’clock.

BARNSLEY. — Mr. Dickenson, the Manchester packer, will lecture on May-day Green, on Wednesday next, at half-past seven o’clock.

Mr. Fraser Pearson will lecture on Sunday, at Wednesbury, at half-past two; at Kates’ Hill, Dudley, at half-past six; at Tipton, ou Monday, at seven ; Walsall, Tuesday, at half-past seven ; Wednesday, at Pensnett, at half-past seven ; on Thurs-day, at Cosley, at seven ; and on Friday, at Dudley, at Bond-street, at eight.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Beesley, of Accrington, will lecture in the Association Room, York shire-street, on Sunday (to-morrow), at half-past two in the afternoon, and six in the evening.

WHITWORTH, NEAR ROCHDALE. — Mr. J. Leach will lecture at this place on Wednesday evening next, at eight o’clock.

SOUTH SHIELDS CAMP MEETING. — Tt is intended to hold a camp meeting at this place on Sunday, August 6th, at two o’clock in the afternoon. The place will probably be the Dents, or Sea Bank.

Mr. Duffy’s Route: —Monday, Sheepshead; Tuesday, Hathem; Wednesday. East Leake; Thursday, Loughborough; Friday, Querndon; Sunday, 7th, Mountsorrel.

BLACKBROOK. — A camp meeting will be hold here, July 3Lst, to commence at two o’clock.

LITTLE HORTON. — Mr. Smyth will lecture at the Chartist’s Association Room, on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.

IDLE. — Mr. Arran will preach a funeral sermon on the death of Samuel Holberry, on Sunday next, at two o’clock.

HOLME LANE. — Mr. Ibbotson will preach a sermon on the death of Samuel Holberry, on Suuday, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

Messrs. Fletcher, Jennings, and Hurley are appointed to hold meetings, on Sunday next, at the following places: — Birkenshaw, at two oclock; Byerley, at five o’clock; and Bowling, at six o’clock.

Council Meeting. — A council meeting will be held in the council room on Sunday next, at eleven o’clock ia the forenoon.

WHITE HOUSE, BRADFORD. — A meeting will be held at Mr. Michael Daley’s, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock, Messrs. Smyth and Hurley to attend.

HOLLINGWORTH GREEN. — A Chartist camp meeting is to be held here on Sunday, August 7th.

WALSALL. - Mr. Heighway of Wolverhampton, preaches at six, to-morrow evening, in the Chartist room, Blue-lane.

OLDHAM. — Mr. P. M. Brophy will lecture in the Charrist Association room, on Sunday, (to-morrow), at six o’clock in the evening.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — Mr. P. M. Brophy will lecture here on Sunday, August 7th, at 8 o’clock in the evening.

BURY. — Mr. P. M. Brophy will lecture in the Association room, Garden-street, on Monday evening, August 8th.

CARPENTERS' HALL. — Two lectures will be delivered in this Hall, in the afternoon and evening of Sunday, (to-morrow), by Mr. B. M'Cartney from Liverpool.

HANLEY (STAFFORDSHIRE POTTERIES). — A delegate meeeting of the miners of the counties of Stafford, Salop and Chester will be held at the Plume and Feathers Inn, Newport, Salop, on Sunday next, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

LEEDS. — A camp meeting will he held to-morrow afternoon at two o’clock, in (he Vicar’s Croft, when Mr. Cooper from Manchester, along with other friends, will be present. Mr. Cooper will also lecture in the evening, at half-past six o’clock, in the room (Shambles) Cheap-side.

Mr. Dickinson from Manchester, is expected to lecture on Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock, in the same place.

WOODHOUSE. — A camp meeting will be held on Woodhouse-moor, to-morrow afternoon, at two o’clock, when Mr. T. B. Smith, and other friends, will be present.

HAWORTH. — A Chartist camp meeting will be held on Sunday, at Bar-croft, near Haworth.

Ruffy Ridley’s Route. — Sunday, July 31, Cheltenham ; August 1 and 2, Gloucester ; 3, Stroud ; 4, Cirencester ; 5, Trowbridge ; 6, Melksham; Sunday, 8, Bronhom.

Mr. R. Payne will lecture at the Working Men’s Hall, 5, Circus-street, New Road, Marylebone, on Sunday evening, at half-past seven.

Mr. Bell, the South Lancashire lecturer, will visit the following places: - Bury, Monday, August 1st; Mossley, Tuesday; Stalybridge, Wednesday; Hooley-Hill, Thursday; Ashton, Friday; Cow-Hill, near Oldham, Sunday, 7th; Rochdale, Monday, 8th; Heywood, Tuesday, 9th; Eccles, Wednesday, 10th; Oldham, Thursday, 11th; Ratcliffe, Friday, 12th; and, the Carpenters’ Hall, Sunday 14th.