NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. Clark's route for next week.— Sunday at half-past two, and at six, on the Forest; Monday evening, the Shoemakers'Association, at the Britannia, Mount-street, Nottingham; Tuesday, Bullweil; on Wednesday, Hucknall-Torkard ; on Thursday, Stapleford; on Saturday evening, the Rancliffe Arms Tavern.

Mr. Mead will lecture on Monday at twelve, to the Chartists at the Pheasant Inn, Mansfield-road, and on Monday he will deliver the third lecture upon « Self Education,” at the chapel, Rice-place ; on Tuesday, at Arnold; and if the friends of Ilkeston are agreeable and will let him know, he will visit them, the following Sunday, which will be the 15th of August. Direct to him at Mrs. Smith's, newsagent, Warser-gate, Nottingham.

LEICESTERSHIRE. — A camp-meeting will be held on Burbage-common, to-morrow, (Sunday, August 7,) to commence at two in the afternoon, Messrs. Cooper and Beedham of Leicester; Skevington of Loughborough, &c. will be the speakers on the occasion.

Mr. Duffy will lecture at Mount-Sorrel, to-morrow forenoon (Sunday), and in Leicester Marketplace, at six at night. The Shaksperean Chartists intend forming a pleasure party for visiting Bradgate-park, on Monday afternoon. Messrs. Cooper, Beedham, and Duffy will be of the party; addresses will be delivered on the ground.

On Monday night, August 8th, Mr. Cooper will address the Shakespereans, at the bottom of Humber-stone-gate, Leicestar ; and Messrs. Duffy and Beedham will address the Ansley Chartists.

Tuesday Night, August 9th Mr. Beedham will lecture in the Pasture at Leicester, and Mr. Duffy will lecture at Thurmaston.

Wednesday Night, August 10th. — Mr. Duffy will address the Shakespereans at the bottom of Humber-stone-gate: and Mr. Beedham will lecture at Oadby.

Thursday Night, August 11th. — Mr. Duffy will lecture in the Pringle, Leicester; and Mr. Beedham will lecture at Blaby.

Friday Night, August 12th. — Mr. Beedham will address the Shakespereans in Eaton-street, Leicester; and Mr. Duffy will lecture at Markfield.

STAFFORDSHIRE POTTERIES. — Mr. Cooper of Leicester, will preach three Chartist sermons at Hanley, on Sunday, August 14th, and will lecture either at Hanley, or in the neighbourhood the next evening.

LAMBETH YOUTHS. — Mr. Harler will lecture on Sunday afternoon.

STAR COFFEE-HOUSE, GOLDEN LANE. — Mr. Brown will lecture here on Sunday evening. Subject-Chartism and Teetotalism.

A Chartist Teetotal Locality has been formed in the City. The members meet every Wednesday evening, at the Chartist Hall, 55, Old Bailey, at eight o’clock.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — Mr. P. M. Brophy will lecture in our room, on Sunday next, on the Repeal of the Legislative Union between Great Britain and Ireland.

THORNTON. — Mr. Joseph Rayner Stephens will lecture here on Monday, the 8th day of August, at two in the afternoon, and seven in the evening ; and on Wednesday, the 10th, at half-past seven o’clock.

THORNLEY. — A camp meeting will be held at Thornley Colliery, on Sunday, August 2lst, when gentlemen are expected to attend from Wingate, Chester-le-street, Newcastle, Sunderland, and Durham.

BURY. — Mr. P. M. Brophy will leoture here on Monday evening, August the 8th, at eight o’clock.

CHESTERFIELD. — Mr. John West will deliver a lecture in the Market Square, on Tuesday evening next, the 9th inst., at seven o’clock.

BURNLEY. — On Sunday, the 14th of August, a Chartist Camp meeting will be held on the top of Bransden Height, near Burnley, to commence at two o’clock in the afternoon.

FAILSWORTH. — A lecture will be delivered here on Sunday next, in the Old Sohool-room, Pole-lane, by Mr. Daniel Donavan, of Manchester; to commence at six o’clock in the evening.

A Chartist Camp Meeting will be held on Waddensaugh Green, Mottram-moor, on Sunday next, at o’clock in the morning, and at two in the afternoon.

STOCKPORT. — On Sunday, the 14th inst., there will be a camp-meeting held in this town, when Messrs. Leach and Doyle will be in attendance in the afternoon at two o’clock, and in the evening at six.

ROCHDALE. — On Sunday next (weather permitting) A camp-meeting will be held on Castleton-moor, equidistant from Roohdale, Heywood, and Middleton, a gentleman having kindly granted a meadow for the purpose ; to commence at two o’clock, Mr. Roberts, of Bury, and other speakers will address the meeting. —Mr. Roberts will lecture in the Chartists’ Room, Yorkshire-street, Rochdale, in the evening, at six o’clock.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. James Leach will deliver a lecture to the trades of Manchester on Tuesday evening next, at the Carpenters’ Hall, The lecture to commonce at eight o’dook precisely. It is requested that the members of the various trades will attend. Admission to the body of the Hall, one penny ; to the platform and gallery, 2d.

MILES PLATTING. — Mr. John Bailey will lecture here on Sunday evening, at half-past six o’clock.

Hunt’s Monument Procession. The Chartist youths of Manchester, Salford, and the surrounding districts, are requested to meet on the 16th of August, at ten o’clock, a.m., at the rooms in Tib-street, opposite Queen-street, whence to proceed, in a body, to the place of meeting.

HOLLINWOOD. — Mr. James Pontefract, of Saddle-worth, lectures here on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, at six o’clock ; and on Tuesday evening, at eight, William Booth, of Newton Heath, lectures to the females.

OLDHAM. - On Sunday (to-morrow), Mr. James Cartledge will lecture in the Chartist room, Greaves-Street, at six o’clock in the evening; also, on the same day, at Waterhead Mill, at two in the afternoon. On Wednesday and Thursday, the 17th and 18th of August, two lectures will be delivered in this town, by Feargus O’Connor, Esq. Subject—" The Land, and its Capabilities.”

LOWER MOOR. — Mr. Bell, the South Lancashire missionary, will lecture in tnis locality on Thursday, the 11th of August, at eight o'clock in the evening. The meeting will be in the open air, fronting the school, if the weather be favourable.

LEES. - A public tea party will take place in the Mechanics’ Institute, on Monday, the 8th of Aug. next, tea to be on the table at five o’clock.

BRADFORD. — A meeting of Irishmen will be held on Monday evening at eight o’clock, at Mr. Daly’s, White House, Broad Stones^ when Messrs. Hurley and Smith will explain the principles of the Charter.

A meeting of Irishmen will be held on Tuesday evening at eight o’clock, at Mr. Murphy's, Rose and Thistle. Messrs. Smyth and Hurley will lecture on the Corn Laws, competition, and machinery. Discussion invited.

EAST AND NORTH RIDING. — Mr. Dean Taylor will visit the following places during the next fortnight, namely, Monday and Tuesday, the 8th and 9th, at Malton; Wednesday and Thursday, the 10th and 11th, at Scarborough ; 13th at York ; Monday, the 15th, at Hull; Tuesday and Wednesday, the 16th and 17th, at Doncaster ; Thursday and Friday, the 18th and 19th, at Leads; Saturday and Monday, the 20th and 22nd at Selby.

Mr. Edward Burley, the East and North Riding Secretary, will feel obliged if each locality will forward him their opinion upon the delegate meeting being postponed another month, namely, until Sunday, the 18th of September, otherwise he will have no other alternative than to call the meeting at the appointed time, namely, the 21st of August. He refers to his letter of last week for reasons.

ECCLESHILL. — A meeting will be held at eight o’clock in the evening, on Sunday, near the stocks.

A Chartist Camp Meeting will be held at Yeadon-moor, on Sunday at two o’clock in the afternoon. Smyth, Hodgson, Fletcher, Alderson, Arran, Rawnsley, and Hurley will attend.

APPERLY BRIDGE. — A meeting will be held at six o'clock in the evening, on Sunday.

UNDERCLIFFE. — A meeting will be held at ten o’clock on Sunday morning.

BIRMINGHAM. — Mr. Thomas Cooper, of Leicester, the staunch friend of the Charter, will address the people of Birmingham, at the Hall of Soienoe, Lawrence-street, on Tuesday evening next, at seven o’clock.

Mr. J. Fussell, of London, will address the Chartists of Birmingham, at the usual open air meetings in the course of next week.

Chartist Gypsey Party.	The Council have resolved to hold a grand gypsey party at the Bulls Head, Birchfield, on Monday, August 22, for the benefit of the funds of the Association.

UPPER ELLAND EDGE. — On Sunday morning, Aug. 14th, a Camp Meeting will be held at this place, at six o’clock ; and at two o’clock in the afternoon, a funeral sermon, on the death of Samuel Holberry, will be preached at the same place ; after which, a collection will be made for the widow of the martyr.

HOLBECK. — On Sunday evening, August 7th, Mr. Frazer will deliver a lecture, in the Association Room, Holbeck-bridge, to commence at six o’clock precisely.

BRISTOL. — Mr. Bairstow will lecture on Sunday evening at six o’clock on Brandon Hill, or if the weather be unfavourable in Bear-lane Chapel.

The Bristol Female Chartists hold their meetings every Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock, in the vestry of Bean lane Chapel.
