LONDON. — A public meeting of the city locality will be holden on Tuesday evening next, at the Star Coffee House, Golden-lane, on business of great importance.

Feargus O’Connor will lecture on Monday evening, at eight o’clock, at Hemmingway’s Saloon, Mile End Road, Subject, 41 The Charter and a Repeal of the Union,” Mr. Bowkett is invited to preside on the occasion.

A Lecture will be delivered on Sunday evening next, at the Working Man’s Hall, 294, Mile End Road.

Mr. Knight will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Flora Tea Gardons, York Place, Barnsbury Park.

TOWER HAMLETS. — The Chartists of the Tower Hamlets are requested to attend the Funeral Obsequies of a Deceased Brother, at the Cambridge Road End Cemetery, on Sunday afternoon ; the procession will start from Mr. Drake’s, Standard of Liberty, at half-past two o’clock.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Parry will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Mechanics Institution. Circus-street, New-road, at half-past seven o’clock. Subject— " The present state of Ireland.” A meeting of members will take place on Wednesday evening next, Aug. 9th, at eight o’clock.

Mr. Buchanan will lecture at the Golden Lion, Dean-street, Soho, on Sunday evening next at eight o’clock.

SOMERS TOWN LOCALITY. — On Sunday next at eight o’clock, Mr. Bolwell will lecture at Mr. Duddridge’s, Bricklayer’s Arms, Tonbridge-street, New Road.

Mr. M’Grath will lecture at the Black Horse and Windmill, Fieldgate-street, Whitechapel, on Sunday evening next, at eight o’clock.

MARYLEBONE. — Second annual excursion to Watford on Monday next, August 7th, 1843, to the Tea Gardens of the Wheat Sheaf Inn, Vans will start in the morning from Circus-street, New Road, at eight o’clock precisely.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. G. Harrison will preach in the Market-place, on Sunday evening next at six o’clock.

MOTTRAM. — A camp meeting will be holden on Wednesough Green, on Sunday, August 13th, at two o’clock in the afternoon and six in the evening, Mr. Doyle and Mr. Clark will address the meeting. 

HALSHAW MOOR. — The Chartists of the undermentioned places are requested to send delegates to attend a delegate meeting, to be holden at the White Lion Inn, Westhoughton, on Sunday, August 13th at one o’clock in the afternoon, to consider tho propriety of holding a Chartist camp meeting in some convenient place, viz,, Leigh, Hindley, Wigan, Astley, Chowbent, Sylasley, Horwich, Worsley, Westhoughton, Bolton and Halshaw Moor.

Mr. Bairstow’s Route for the ensuing fortnight : — Chorley, August 7th : Blackburn, 8th ; Darwen, 9th ; Padiham, 10th ; Burnley, 11th; Colne, 12th. Mr. Bairstow will assist the Chartists of Colne, in that day’s demonstration in honour of the liberation of their respected friend, Mr. Wm. Smith, from the horrors of prison discipline. Mr. B. will also lecture in tho Association Room, on Sunday afternoon, Aug. 13th ; Barnoldswick, 14th ; Clitheroe 15th ; Sabden, 16th ; Accrington, 17th ; Bacup, 18th; Haslington, 19th. There will be a camp meeting on Enfield, on Sunday August 20th, at one o’clock at noon. Mr. B, and other speakers will address the meeting.	

The North Lancashire Delegate Meeting will be holden in the Social Institution, Padiham, on Sunday, August 13th, at twelve o'clock at noon precisely, each delegate is requested to bring credentials with him.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr. John West of Hull, the talented , advocate of Chartism, will preach two political sermons in the Hay market, opposite the Corn Exchange, on Sunday next, August the 6th, in the afternoon, at half-past two, and in the evening at half-past six o’clock.

Mr. West will deliver a lecture in the Figtree-lane room, on Monday evening, August 7th, at half past seven o’clock. Admission one penny.

" Organizaton.” — The discussion on Organization will be continued on the evenings of Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, August 9th, 10th, and 11th, commencing each evening at half-past seven o’clock.

LEICESTER. — On Sunday next, Mr. Parkes will preach in Russell-square, at ten o’clock in the morning; at Wigstone, at two in the afternoon; and in the Market-place, Leicester, again at half-past six in the evening.

A Delegate Meeting will be held in Mrs. Cooper’s room, on Sunday, August 13th. Delegates are expected from Wigstone, Oadby, Blaby, Skilton, Countesthorpe, and other villages in the vicinity of Leicester.

BRISTOL YOUNG MEN'S CHARTER ASSOCIATION. — Mr. Osborne will deliver a lecture on " the National Debt,” on Wednesday evening, at eight o’clock, at Bear-lane Chapel, Temple-street.

ALMONDBURY. — Temperance Festival.—Mr D. Ross will deliver an address on " Temperance,” in the centre of the town, on Sunday, (to-morrow) at five o’clock; and also after tea, on Monday, he will lecture on the same subject in the hall. Tickets for tea ninepence each.

SELSTON. — Mr. J. Pepper will preach on Old Holley Hill, next Sunday night, at six o’clock.

SWANWICK. — Mr. J. Pepper will preach at Swanwick, on the 13th of August, at half-past two o’clock, and in Alfreton Market-place, at six o’clock at night.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday, (tomorrow.) a lecture will be delivered, by a friend, in the Chartist room, Greaves-street, at half-past six o’clock in tho evening.

Discussion. - On Monday evening, at eight o’clock, a discussion will take place in the above room, on the plan of Organization, and the propriety of connecting the Land question with the agitation for tho Charter. Also, a discussion will be entered into, on the propriety of establishing a general Victim Fund, in preference to a local one. A full attendance of the members is particularly requested.

STALEY-BRIDGE. - A delegate meeting will be holden in the Charter Association Room, Angel Inn Yard, Rossbottom-street, Staleybridge, on Sunday, the 13th of August, at two o’clock in the afternoon. It is expected that Ashton, Mossley, Mottram, Hyde, and Hooly Hill, will have delegates in attendance.

HALIFAX. — A camp meeting will be holden on Warley Moor, near Dan Maude's Pond, on Sunday, (to-morrow,) at two o’clock in the afternoon.

DEWSBURY. — A special delegate meeting for this district will be holden on Sunday, (to-morrow,) in the laTge room, over the Co-operative Stores, at two o'clock in the afternoon, on business of great importance, relativo to Mr. Dewhirst’s liberation from the Wakefield “hell,'’ which will take place on the 12th of this month.

BLACKSTONE EDGE. — A Camp Meeting will be holden on Blackstone Edge, near the White House, on Sunday, August 13th ; to commence at half-past two precisely ; speakers from various places will be in attendance.

MANCHESTER. — Carpenter's Hall. —Mr. James Duffy, late Student in Northallerton College, will lecture in the Carpenter’s Hall, on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.

The Manchester Massacre, and Hunt’s Monument. — Mr. O’Connor will attend a Tea Party in the Carpenter’s Hall, on Wednesday evening, August 16th, and deliver an address upon the occasion. Tickets may be had, one shilling each, of Mr. James Leach, The proceeds will be appropriated to the completion of the Monument to the memory of the late Henry Hunt. There will bo a Ball on the same evening, at which an entire new set of Quadrilles will be introduced.

The monthly meeting of the Carpenter’s Hall Locality will take place in the above Hall, on Sunday next ; chair to be taken at ten o’clock in the forenoon.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE. — Mr. Leach’s route for the ensuing week. Monday, August 7th, Rayton ; Tuesday, 8th, Moseley; Wednesday, 9th, Cowhill; Thursday, 10th, Newton Heath; Friday, 11th, Droylsden ; Sunday, 13th, Oldham.

The South Lancashire Delegate Meeting will be holden on Sunday, August 13th, at the house of Mr. John Murrey, under the Carpenters' Hall, chair to be taken at one o’clock in the afternoon.

CALVERSTON. - Chartist Annual Tea Party. —Mr. Harrison intends holding his annual Chartist Festival on Monday, August 14th. Mr. F. O’Connor has been invited to attend on the occasion, A Band has been provided for the day, and will meet at Arnold, at two o’clock, where all the friends will form in procession and proceed to Calvorston.
