Mr. George Julian Harney will visit the following places during the next fortnight: Thornton, August 9th ; Howarth, 10th; Bradford, 11th ; Heckmondwike, 12th; Leeds, 13th ; Horbnry,14th; Selby, 16th ; Doncaster, 17th ; Sheffield, 18th; Barnsley, 19th ; and Dewsbury, 20th.

Route of the Executive for the ensuing Week, — Mr. John Campbell will be in Blackburn on Sunday evening, to form a Chartist Association; in Preston on Monday evening, at eight o'clock, to lecture; and in Lancaster on Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock.

Mr. Leech will lecture in Brown-street, Manchester, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock; on Monday, at Chowbent,at eight o’clock ; on Tuesday evening, at Royton ; and on Thursday evening at Mossley. The following week he will visit the towns of Cheshire mentioned in the Star of this day, and he hopes the different towns will correspohd with him immediately.

Mr. R. K. Philp will lecture in Oldham on Sunday, in the afternoon and at night; on Monday evening, in Stockport; on Tuesday evening, in Macclesfield; on Wednesday evening, in Congleton; and on Thursday evening, in Hanley.

BRADFORD. — The Bradford Female Association meet every Monday evening, in the room over the Chartist provision store, Goodmansend. 

NEW LEEDS. — A meeting will take place here on Sunday the 8th instant, at ten in the forenoon, for the dispatch of important business.

THORNTON, NEAR BRADFORD. — Mr. Alderson will preach at Thornton, on Sunday next, Whigs and Tories are invited to come and hear the truth.

STALYBRIDGE. — Mr. Stoner lectures to-morrow afternoon.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE. — The delegate meeting is tomorrow afternoon, in the Chartist Room, East Manchester.

KENSINGTON. — Mr. Ridley lectures on Monday evening.

MIDDLESEX. — The newly-elected Delegates to the Middlesex Council will meet on Sunday the 8th, at 55, Old Bailey, at three o'clock precisely, and are requested to be prepared with their credentials,

NOTTINGHAMSHIRE. — Mr. W. D. Taylor will preach at Ruddington on Sunday next; on Monday he will lecture at Carrington ; on Tuesday at Basford ; on Wednesday, at Hucknell; and on Thursday at Calverfcon.

DERBYSHIRE. — Mr. Bairstow will lecture at Derby on Sunday ; at Burton on Monday ; at Swadling-cote on Tuesday; at Burton on Wednesday ; at Ilkeston on Thursday; and at Ockbrook on Friday.

MACCLESFIELD. — Mr. Chandler will lecture in the Chartist Room, Watercotes, on Sunday evening, at seven o’clock ; and on Monday evening, there will be a public meeting of all the members and friends on business connected with the Executive.

BURY. — Mr. Bell will lecture in the Working Men’s Hall, on Monday evening, August 9th, the chair to be taken at eight o’clock. The Committee solicit the attendance of their fellow workmen on the occasion. Discussion is invited.

BOLTON. — Mr. Doyle will lecture in the Chartist Room, on Monday evening, August 9th, upon the principles of the Charter.

HALIFAX.— Mr. Charles Connor will lecture on the Corn Laws, in the Odd Fellow's Hall, at half-past seven on Tuesday evening. Discussion will be invited at the close of the lecture ; more especially; as we understand the anti-Corn Law party are going to have a public tea on the Monday, at which Mr. Cobden, the great gun, and Mr, Marven, the rush-light of the “ Plague,” will be present.

MANCHESTER. — This evening (Saturday) a discussion will be hold in the Hall of Science, Camp Field, between Mr, Philp and Mr. Buchanan. Question for discussion—” Whether is it most expedient for the people of the present day to agitate for Socialism or Chartism.” Doors to open at half-past seven o’clock, and business to commence at eight precisely.

BARNSLEY. — The Chartists and all friends to the cause of democracy, are requested to attend the Association-roomes, to-morrow Sunday evening, at seven o’clock.

DARLASTON. — Mr. Candy will lecture at Darlaston on Monday; at Wednesbury on Tuesday; at Wolverhampton on Wednesday; and at Biston on Thursday, at the Ball Court; being the last week but one of hi3 engagement.	.

BOLTON. — Mr. Isaac Barlow will preach at the Association-rooms, Oxford-street, Great Bolton, tomorrow evening.	

SUNDERLAND. — Mr. Williams will lecture here on Sunday afternoon, at half-past two, near the Life Boat House.

DURHAM. — Mr. Williams will lecture at Durham, on Monday evening, at seven, or half-past seven o’clock ; place of meeting the Sands.

WEST RAINTON. — On Sunday morning, August 15th, at half-past ten, Mr. Williams will lecture at this place.

BISHOP AUCKLAND. — On Sunday, August 15th, Mr Williams will lecture in the Batts, at half-past six in the evening. No disappointment this time.

It is probable that Mr. W. will lecture the following evening, at West Auckland.

HUDDERSFIELD. - Important Lectures. —Two lectures will be given on Sunday next, August 8, at two o’clock in the afternoon, and six in the evening, in the Association Room, Upperhead-row, for the benefit of Benjamin Rushton, of Halifax, who has lost his employment, along with the whole family, solely from having advocated the principles of the Charter.
