NEWTON ABBOT. — On Sunday, Mr. James Ashley, of Rochdale, will lecture at this place, at six in the evening; and on Monday, the 15th, a public meeting will be held at seven o’clock in the evening, in the open air, near the Chartist room, to pass the Memorial to the Queen, and to elect a delegate to the Conference to be held at Manchester. On Monday, 22ud, there will be a tea party held in the Chartist room, tea on the table at six o’clock in tho evening Moxi’s tickets, 9d, and women’s, 6d may be had of any of tho Council, or at the room, on Sunday night.

STOCKPORT. — On Sunday next there will be two camp meetings held near the Railway Station, when addresses will be delivered by Messrs. Leach and Doyle, one in the afternoon at two o clock, and the other in the evening at six o clock.	

MANCHESTER. — Miles Platting. —Mr. Clark, of Stockport will lecture here on Sunday evening next.

BURY. - On Monday next, Mr. Christopher Doyle will lecture in the Garden-street Lecture Room, at eight o’clock in the evening. On Saturday, August 20, a tea-party will take place in the same room Tea to be on the table at six o clock in the evening. Tickets may be had at tho following places : -Mr. Thomas Kay, Bolton-street ; Mr. Henry Roberts, Barlow-street; Mr. James Corlett, Hornby-street; Mr. Daniel Corlett, North-street; Mr. Samuel Greenhalgh, Rochdale New Road ; and Mr. Martin Ireland, Hornby-street. Tickets for the tea, 9d. each.

BRADFORD. — Messrs. Hurley and Smyth will lecture at the White House, Broad-stones, on Wednesday evening, at eight o’clock.

Messrs. Smyth and Hurley will lecture at the Rose and Thistle, on Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock, subject —currency and national debt.

EAST AND NORTH RIDING. — Mr. Dean Taylor will visit the following places during next week namely, Monday, at Hull; Tuesday and Wednesday, at, Howden ; Thursday and Friday, at Selby , Saturday and Monday, at Leeds.

The East and North Ruling delegate meeting will not be held on the 21st, as was intended; circumstances rendering it unnecessary, further notice will be given in due time.

A Chartist camp meeting will be held on Adwalton Moor, on Sunday, at two o’clock in the afternoon. Messrs. Dewhirst, Edwards, and Smyth will attend.

A meeting will he held at Undercliff at ten o’clock in tho forenoon, on Sunday. Messrs. Fletcher, Ibbetson, and Jennings will attend.

A meeting will be hold at Bierley, at four o’clock on Sunday. Messrs. Ibbotson, Fletcher, and Jennings will attend.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday (to-morrow) Mr. Edward Clark will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at six o’clock in the evening.

Sunday (to-morrow) two sermons will be held in the Chartist Meeting Room, Upper-
head-row, in the afternoon, at half-past two, by Mr G. Brook ; and in the evening at half-past six, by Mr. Edward Clayton, Collections will be made on behalf of the widow of the victim Holberry.

ELLAND. — On Sunday next, a funeral sermon will be preached for the patriot Holberry, on Elland Edge, by Mr. Edward Clayton, of Huddersfield, to commence at two o’clock in the afternoon. A collection will be made on behalf of the widow.

SHEFFIELD. — Chartist camp meetings will be held on Sunday, August 14th, (to-morrow,) at the following places: - Catley, at one o'clock; Darnell, at four o’clock ; and Sky-edge, (Sheffield,) at half-past six o’clock. Messrs. Harney, Edwin Gill, Evinson, and Sutton, will attend. The attendance of the Sheffield Chartists is requested.

A Meeting of the Sheffield Chartists will be held in tho Figtree Lane room, on Monday evening, at half-past seven o’clock.

Mr. Clarke’s Route for the ensuing week: - On Sunday, at Arnold; Monday, at Calverton; Tuesday, Blidworth; Wednesday and Thursday, Newark; Saturday, at the Union Coffee house, Drury Hill, Nottingham.

Mr. West's Route for the ensuing week: - Monday, at Burton ; Tuesday, Tutbury ; Wednesday, Greasley Common ; Thursday Burton ; Friday, Yoxall ; each evening at seven o’clock. On Sunday morning, Mr. West, will preach a sermon on Greasley Common, ; at half-past ten o’clock ; at Burton in the evening, at five o’clock.

Chartist Victims. — A lecture will be delivered by J. Fussell, from London, for the benefit of the Families of the " Stafford Victims,” at the Washington Assembly Room, Hill-street, on Monday, the 15th; at the Ship, Steelhouse-lane, on Tuesday, the 15th ; and at the Black Horse, on Wednesday, the 17th. All the members and friends of the National Charter Association are invited to attend and support their friends in prison.

LEEDS. — A concert and ball will take place in the Chartist Room, Cheapside, on Monday night, to commence at eight o’clock, the proceeds being for the purpose of defraying the delegate’s expences to Manchester ; admission twopence.

Mr. Frazer will lecture in tho room, Cheapside, to-morrow evening, at half-past six o’clock.

ARMLEY. — Messrs. Barron and Barnett will lecture here on Monday night, at eight o’clock.

BRAMLEY. — Mr. Sheridan Nussey will lecture here on Wednesday night, at half-past seven o’clock.

HOLBECK. — Mr. Shaw will deliver an address in the Association Room, Holbeck, on Sunday evening, to commence at six o’clock.

KIRKSTALL. - A meeting will be held at the Woodman Inn on Wednesday night, at half-past seven o'clock. Several friends from Leeds will attend.

HUNSLET. — A camp meeting will be held here tomorrow, at two o’clock, when several friends will address the meeting.

HUDDERSFIELD. — On Monday evening next, at eight o’clock, a public meeting of the friends to the Chartist cause will bo holden in the Association Room, Upperhead Row, to elect a delegate to attend the delegate meeting in Manchester, on the l6th and 17th instant. All friends are invited to attend.

On Tuesday Evening at eight o’clock, another public meeting of the Chartists will be holden in the same place, to give an opinion as to the desirability of the sub Secretary of the National Charter Association nominating six additional members to serve upon the General Council; and to canvass the relative merits of the parties contemplated to be placed in nomination.

Notice. — Mr. T. B. Smith, will hold a camp-meeting at Oleckheaton, on Sunday next; Heckmondwike on Monday ; Doghouse on Friday ; and Huddersfield on Sunday, August 21.

Mr. Coultas’s route for the ensuing week : — Monday, tho l0th, Batley Carr; Tuesday, Cleck-heaton; Wednesday, Dewsbury; Thursday, Stanley Lane End; Friday, East Ardsley ; Saturday, High-town.

DEWSBURY DISTRICT. — A council meeting will be held at Dewsbury, in the large room over the Cooperative Stores, on Sunday, August 14th, at ten o’clock in the forenoon.

LANE-SIDE, HEBDEN BRIDGE. — The Rev. William Hill will preach two sermons here on behalf of the Chartist Sunday School, on Sunday, August 14th, at two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six in the evening.

Mr. Wm. Bell, the South Lancashire lecturer, will deliver two lectures on Sunday next, in the Carpenters’ Hall, Manchester, one in the afternoon, and the other in the evening.

MANCHESTER. — The South Lancashire delegate meeting will be held in Brown street Chartist Room, on Sunday, August 21st, at eleven o'clock precisely.

Mr. Bell’s Route in South Lancashire: - On Monday, August 15th, he will be at Hollinwood ; Tuesday, the 16th, at Royton ; Wednesday, the 17th, at Lees; Thursday, the 18th, at Oldham; Friday, tho 19th, at Lcvenshulm ; and on Sunday, the 21st, at Asrley, near Leigh.

MARSDEN HEIGHT. - A meeting will be held at this place, on Sunday next, precisely at two o’clock in the afternoon, when Dr. Chew, Mr. T. Tattersall, Mr. Place, of Burnley, Mr. Mooney, and others of Colne, will address the meeting.

HALIFAX. — A West-Riding meeting of coalminers, stewards, masters, and all others concerned in the coal-mining business, will be held at Wakefield, on Monday, August 15th, at ten o’clock in the forenoon, to take into consideration the distressed state of that body generally, and to devise means whereby their sufferings might be alleviated.
