LONDON. — Tower Hamlets. —On Sunday next, all Chartists residing in this locality are requested to attend at eight o’olock in the evening, on important business.	

LONDON. — Golden Lion, Dean Street. — Mr Grover will lecture at the above place, on Sunday evening next at eight o’clock.

SOMERS TOWN LOCALITY. — Mr. M‘Grath will lecture on Sunday evening next, at Mr. Duddridge's, Bricklayer's Arms, Tonbridge-street, New-road.

STAR COFFEE HOUSE, GOLDEN LANE. — The Committee for the getting up of the Supper and Ball, are requested to attend at ten o’clock on Sunday morning and the councillors and all invited to attend at the same time.

Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Black Horse, Fieldgate-street, Commercial-road East.

NOTTINGHAM. — Dorman’s Temperance Hotel. — On Tuesday evening next, Mr. Jonathan Brown will give a History of the Rise and Progress of Jacobinism in Nottingham.

HYDE. — A camp meeting will be holden on Sunday next (to-morrow), at two o’clock in the afternoon. The meeting will be addressed by Mr. C. Doyle, from Manchester.

BOLTON. — Notice.—A Chartist Camp meeting will be held in a field near to the West Loughton chapel, at two o'clock in the afternoon, on Sunday, the 20th instant, when Mr. Dixon, from Manchester, and Mr. Marsden, from Preston, along with other friends, will address them. Mr. Peddle, from Edinburgh, is also expected to attend.	

OLDHAM. — On Sunday, Mr. Clark, of Manchester, will lecture in the Chartist room, Greaves-street, at six o’clock in the evening.	

STOCKPORT. — A members’ meeting will be holden in the large room, Hillgate, at two o’clock on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, to discuss the Land Question.

BAYTHORP. — Mr. J. Pepper will preach here on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.

DEWSBURY. — Mr, Dewhurst will deliver a lecture on Sunday (to-morrow), in the large room oyer the Co-operative Stores, at six o’clock in the evening.

HEBDEN BRIDGE. — Mr. Bairstow will lecture in the Democratic Chapel, on Monday the 21st inst., and at Todmorden on Tuesday and Wednesday the 22nd and 23rd inst. at eight o’clock in the evening, on each occasion.

SHEFFIELD. — Fig-tree Lane. — On Sunday evening next, the Northern Star and Nation newspapers will be read, commencing at six o’clock. A public discussion will be holden at half-past seven.

On Monday evening, Mr. Edwin Gill will deliver a lecture on “ the life of that celebrated patriot and martyr, William Wallace.

NOTTINGHAM. — A Chartist camp meeting will be holden on Nottingham Forest, on Sunday 20th inst., at which friends from Belper, Sutton-in-Ashfield and several other places will attend. Mr. Beyle will address the meeting. He will likewise preach in the Market-place, on Sunday evening next; and in the chapel, Rice-place, on Monday ; at Arnold, on Tuesday ; at Lambley, on Wednesday ; and at Hucknall Torkard on Thursday; each evening at seven o’clock.

BURY. — A camp meeting will be holden in the old Market-place of this town, on Sunday next, at two o’clock in the afternoon, which will be attended by Messrs J, Chadwick, and J. Wood of Rochdale ; J. Mills,of Whitworth ; and W. B. M. of Hey wood.

WEST RIDING DELEGATE MEETING. — On Sunday, (to-morrow,) a West Riding Delegate Meeting will be holden in the large room over the Co-operative Stores, Market-place, Dewsbury, on purpose to nominate two persons to be elected at public meetings, to serve as representatives in the forthcoming Conference, for the West Riding of Yorkshire. It is requested that only one delegate be sent from each locality.	

HOLMFIRTH. — A District Delegate meeting will be holden immediately after the Camp meeting, in the Chartist Room, Holmfirth. 

Mr. Samuel Kydd will lecture at Blaydon-lane-end, Blaydon, on Sunday, 20th inst., at three o’clock in the afternoon ; and in the Chartist Hall, Goat Inn, Newcastle, at seven.	

RADCLIFFE. — The Chartists of Radcliffe Bridge, intend having a tea party and ball on Monday, the 28th instant, in honour of the liberation of Mr, John Allen and Mr. Thomas Greenhalgh, who were committed to Lancaster Castle for twelve months, for the plug-plot last August. Mr. William Bell, from Heywood, and another gentleman from Manchester, will address those who attend on the above occasion.	

Mr. Mason will be at Duddeston Row on Sunday morning next at half-past ten o’clock.

HALIFAX. — A Camp Meeting will the held at Siddal top, on Sunday (to-morrow) at two o’clock in the afternoon.	

On Sunday (to-morrow) the Chartists of Idle will hold a Camp Meeting at two o'clock in the afternoon. Several of the Bradford Chartists and others will address the meeting. A re-organization of the Idle Chartists will commence, and means adopted to enable the forthcoming Chartist Conference to be what it should be —the honest reflection of the Chartist body.

The Bradford Chartist Visiting Committee will attend at Daisy Hill, on Sunday morning at ten o'clock.

The Chartists of the Central Locality will meet in the Large Room, Butterworth-buildings, and arrangements will be made to establish a school on Sundays in the same Room. A full attendance is requested.

