LONDON. — The Conference.— A Concert will be holden at the City of London Political and Scientific Institution, on Monday the 21st, to defray the espences of sending delegates to the ensuing Conference. A variety of professionals are engaged. Tickets, Sixpence each,

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Bolwell will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Mechanic’s Institution, Circus-street, New Road, at half-past seven.

Mr. Mantz will address the members of tho City Locality on Tuesday evening at the Star Coffee House, Golden-lane ; the members are particularly desired to attend.

CITY OF LONDON POLITICAL AND SCIENTIFIC INSTITUTION. — A concert will be held here on Monday, 21st, the proceeds will be devoted to defraying the expences of delegates from London to the ensuing Conference.

WORKING MEN'S HALL, MILE END ROAD. — Mrs. Bessell will lecture on Sunday evening next, on “the best means for obtaining the People’s Charter.”

Mr. Sherrard will lecture in the morning. Subject, " Education.” 

SOUTH LONDON HALL OF SCIENCE. — A lecture will be delivered on Tuesday evening next, by Mr. M‘Grath	Subject— " Free Trade.” Lecture to commence precisely at half-past eight o’clock.

STALYBRIDGE. — A delegate meeting will be holden on Sunday next, at two o’clock in tho afternoon, to arrange the camp meetings for this district.

A Camp Meeting will be holden, on Enfield, on Sunday, August 20th.

CLITHERO. — Mr. A. M'Phail will preach two sermons on Sunday, August 13th, in the afternoon, at two o’clock, and in the evening at six, in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Lowergate. Collections will be made at the close of each service, in aid of the Chartist Association.

HALIFAX. — A Delegate Meeting of this district will be holden on Sunday, (to-morrow,) in the Association Room, Mellor-iane, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

KEIGHLEY DISTRICT. — A District Meeting will bn holden, in the Working Man’s Hall, Sun-street, Keighley, on Sunday, the 20th instant, to commence at ten o’clock in the forenoon.

Miners’ Meetings. — A public meeting of Miners will be holden on Bare Bone Moor, near Barnsley on the 14th instant, at five o’clock in the evening, when S. Davis, an agent of the Miners’ Association, will address the meeting on the necessity of tho Yorkshire Miners joining with their brethren in tho North.

A General Delegate Meeting will be holden on Saturday, the 19th instant, at the Griffin Inn, Wakefield, at twelve o'clock. Delegates from each district are expected.

Mr. D. Ross, of Manchester, will visit the Keighley District next week, and lecture as follows : - On Sunday, (to-morrow) in the Working Man’s Hall, Keighley, at two o’clock in the afternoon, and at five in the evening. On Monday he will attend a tea party at Silsden ; on Tuesday he will lecture at Bingley ; on Wednesday, at Haworth; on Thursday he will lecture at Sutton ; on Friday, at Addingham ; and on Sunday, the 20th, he will attend a Camp Meeting, in Keighley.

NOTTINGHAM. — A public meeting will be holden in the Democratic Chapel, Rice-place, on Tuesday evening, the 15th instant, at eight o’clock.

A Chartist Camp Meeting will be holden on Nottingham Forest, on Sunday, the 20th instant, when friends from Belper, Sutton-in-Ashfield, and several other places, will deliver addresses.

Mr. Alfred Anthony will deliver an address in the Market-place, to-morrow, at six o’clock in the evening.

Mr. H. Dorman will preach at Ilkiston, on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.

LEICESTER. — A Delegate Meeting will be holden in Mrs. Cooper’s room, Church Gate, on Sunday the 13th instant, when Delegates are expected to attend from Oadby Glen, Wigstone, Shilton, Countesthorpe, &c., to consider the question of holding a conference.

Mr. Parkes will preach on Sunday next, in the morning, at half-past ten o’clock, in the Pasture ; and in the evening at half-past six.

GREAT GLEN. — Mr. Parkes will preach here Tomorrow (Sunday) afternoon, at two o’clock.

NEWTON HEATH. — A tea party will assemble in the Chartist Room, Church-street, on Monday, the 21st inst., at six o’clock in the evening. —Tickets for males 8d and females 6d each.

Manchester Massacre. — The tea party and ball to commemorate the bloody transactions of the 16th August, 1819, will take place in Carpenter’s Hall on Wednesday evening, August 16th. Mr. O’Connor will be present. — Tickets may be had from Mr. Jas. Leach, Oak-Street. Persons desirous of contributing towards the completion of the movement to the memory of the late H. Hunt, may transmit their contributions to the Rev. Jas. Scholefield, Christ Church, Every-street, Manchester.

SHEFFIELD. — On Sunday evening a public discussion will be held in the Fig Tree-lane Room, at half past seven o’clock.

On Monday evening Mr. Hall will deliver a public lecture at half-past seven.

STOCKPORT. — On Sunday evening next Mr. John Leach, of Hyde, will lecture in the Large Room, Hillgate, at six o’clock.

A Members’ meeting will be holden in the Association Room, at two o’clock in the afternoon, when the discussion on the Organization will be resumed.

BLACKSTONE EDGE. — A camp meeting will be » holden on Sunday (to-morrow) near the White House, to commence at half-past two o’clock precisely. Mr. Christopher Doyle, of Manchester, Mr. Butterly, of Halifax, Mr. J Mills, of Whitworth, and other speakers are expected to attend.

OLDHAM. - On Sunday (to-morrow) a camp meeting will be holden on Oldham Edge, at two o’clock in the afternoon, when Mr. Leach, of Manchester, and others, will attend and deliver an address on the occasion.

N.B. — Mr. Leach will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at six o’clock the same evening.

The discussion on the Plan of Organization, and the propriety of establishing a General Victim Fund stands adjourned to next Monday evening at eight o’clock, when it is expected all the members will be present and take part in the discussion.

HULL. — Mr. West will lecture in the Freeman’s Lodge, Myton-gate, on Monday evening. Subject— “ Pernicious evils of Church Establishments.” A member’s meeting at the close of the lecture.

Mr. West will preach a sermon on the Dock-green, on Sunday afternoon at half-past two o’clock. 

BRADFORD. — On Sunday, (to-morrow) a camp meeting will be holden on Bradford moor, at two o’clock in the afternoon. Mr. James Dewhirst, one of the “ Plot” victims, who will be liberated this day, is expected to attend.

On Tuesday Evening a lecture will be delivered in the Council Room, Butterworth Buildings, on the Organization of the Chartist body.

On Monday Evening a lecture will ba delivered in the School Room, Park Place, on the various plans now before the Chartist body. The Northern Star, Nation, and other Political works read in the room every evening.

On Sunday Morning the visiting committee will attend tho meeting at Daisy Hill, at ten o’clcck; the Chartists of that locality are requested to attend at the appointed time, as arrangements for the Conference are to be entered into.

The Chartists of Little Horton will meet in their room, Park Place, on Sunday morning at nine o’clock. A full attendance is requested.

The Chartists of Bowling Back Lane will meet in their room at ten o’clock on Sunday morning.

The Chartists of George’s Street will meet on Sunday morning at nine o’clock.

The Chartists of New Leeds will meet on Sunday morning at ten o’clock.

The Chartists of Middleton Field will meet on Monday evening at the house of James Sedgwick, Three Pigeons, to take into consideration the proposed Conference.

The Chartists of Manninghah will meet on Sunday evening, at six o’clock, when a deputation from the council will attend and receive their opinion respecting the forthcoming Conference.

BURY. — A Camp Meeting will be holden at Bury on Sunday, August 29, which will be addressed by friends from Rochdale and other places.

HEYWOOD. — Mr. Wm. Bell will deliver two lectures in the Chartist Association Room, Hartley-street, in the afternoon, at two o’clock ; and in the evening, at six o’clock, subject, " Chartism in accordance with Christianity.”

The Bristol Young Men’s Charter Association will hold a camp meeting on Brandon Hill, on Sunday afternoon, at half-past two o’clock.

MANCHESTER. — Carpenters’ Hall. — A lecture will be delivered in the Carpenters’ Hall, Garratt-road, on Sunday evening next. Chair to be taken at half-past six o’clock.

A Special Meeting of the members of the Carpenters’ Hall Locality will be holden in the above hall on Sunday morning next. Chair to be taken at ten o’clock. The members are requested to attend, as business of great importance will be brought before them.

A Meeting of the South Lancashire Delegates will take place on Sunday (to-morrow) in the Couneil Room, at Mr. John Murray’s, under the Carpenters’ Hall, Chair to be taken at one o’clock in the afternoon.

COLNE. — Commodore Mead, the Chartist poet from Birmingham, will attend the Colne demonstration this day.

Calverton Chartist Tea Party. — Mr. Harrison s tea party will take place on Monday next, tea to be on the table at four o’clock. The Rev. Mr. Linwood, of Mansfield, will attend on the occasion, as also Mr. Dorman, of Nottingham, and Mr. Pepper, of Selston.
