COVENTRY. — A public meeting will be held at the Chartist meeting room, Park-street, on Friday evening, the 20th instant. All lovers of freedom are invited.

EDINBURGH. — The delegate meeting about to bo held in Edinburgh, is fixed for the 23rd of August. The subjects to be brought before the meeting are— the better organization of the county ; to issue an address to the county, in order to remove the prejudice that at present exists; to bring out a monthly tract; and to appoint a lecturer for the county.

LAMBERHEAD GREEN, NEAR WIGAN. — Mr. William Dixon will lecture here on Sunday, August 15th, at two o’clock, and in the Chartist Association Room, Mill-gate, Wigan, at eight o'clock in the evening.

TYLDESLEY BANK. — Mr. Dixon will deliver a teetotal lecture at half-past two o’clock, and a political lecture at half past six, on Sunday, August 22nd.

KEIGHLEY. — The Rev. W. V. Jackson, of Manchester, will preach two sermons on Sunday next, towards a fund for defraying the expences of building him a new preaching place. Services will be in the afternoon and evening, and collections made after each.

NEW LEEDS. — An adjourned meeting of the Chartists of this district will take place on Sunday next. The good men and true are particularly requested to attend.

NOTTINGHAM. — On Sunday, August 15th, Mr. W D. Taylor will preach at Nottingham Forest, at two o’clock, and again at six in the evening. —On Monday, he will lecture at Bedston; Tuesday, at New Lenton ; Wednesday, at Radford ; and on Thursday, at Lamley.

WEST RAINTON. — On Sunday morning, August 15th, at half-past ten, Mr. Williams will speak at West Rainton.

BISHOP AUCKLAND. — On Sunday evening, August 15th, Mr. Williams will speak on the Batt, at half-past six; and on Monday evening, at seven o’olock, he will speak at West Auckland Green.

SUNDERLAND. — On Sunday afternoon, at half-past two o’clock, Mr. Binns will lecture at the Life-boat House.

HEBDEN BRIDGE. — Mr. Brook will attend as the Leeds delegate at Hebden Bridge, to-morrow (Sunday), as announced in last week’s Star.

DERBYSHIRE. — Mr. Bairstow will lecture at the following places at seven o’olock each evening:— At Loughborough, on Monday, August 16; Holbrook, on Tuesday, the 17th; Duffield, on Wednesday, the 18th; Ripley, on Thursday, the 19th; Al-freton, on Friday, the 20th ; South Winfield, on Saturday, the 21; and will preach in Belper Market Place, on Friday evening at half-past five o’clock. A collection will be made at the close of each lecture, to afford the friends of Chartism an opportunity of aiding the funds.

CHESHIRE DELEGATE MEETING. — A delegate meeting is fixed to be held in Stockport, om Sunday, the 5th of September, at ten in the forenoon, when delegates are requested from Macclesfield, Congleton, Sandwich, Nantwich, Hyde, Mottram, Entwistle, Bradbury, Haslegrave, and Chester.

PRESTON. — Mr. Marsden will lecture in the above place on Sunday evening next, to commence at eight o'clock precisely. Admission free. The adjourned meeting that should have taken place on Tuesday last, will be holden in Chadwick Orchard, on Tuesday evening, the 17ch inst,, if the weather will admit. If the evening is unfavourable, the meeting will be holden in the Association-room.

YORKSHIRE AND LANCASHIRE Delegate Meeting. —This meeting will take place at ten o mock tomorrow (Sunday) morning, the loth. Delegates are requested to bring their credentials. On reaching Hebden Bridge the delegates will inquire for Mr. Abraham Marshall, boot and shoemaker, St. George’s Square.

WEST RIDING. — Mr. George Julian Harney will visit the following places in the course of next week: —Monday, the 16th, at Selby; Tuesday, the 17th, at Doncaster; Wednesday,the 18th,at Sheffield; and on Thursday, the 19th, at Dewsbury, instead of Friday, as last week advertised. N.B. Upon this occasion, a public meeting will be held at half-past seven o’clock, in the Market-place, to take into consideration the propriety of petitioning Parliament for an inquiry into the treatment of political prisoners, and the immediate abolition of the atrocious silent system. Mr. T. B. Smith, of Leeds, is expected to be present with Mr. Harney. - Mr. G. J. Harney has postponed his visit to Barnsley to Monday the 23rd, at which place, a public meeting for toe like purpose will be held on hat day. Mr. Whitby is also expected to be there.
