ASHTON. — Mr, Storor, of Ashton, will lecture in the Charter Association Room, Catherine-street, on Sunday, to-morrow, at six o'clock in the evening.

HUNSLET. — Mr. Hick will preach on the Stock-hill, Hunslet, on Sunday evening, weather permitting ; if not, in the Room, Fleece-yard. Service to commence at half-past six. 

KEIGHLEY. — On Sunday next, August 22nd, the Rev. W. V. Jackson, of Manchester, will preach two sermons in the Working Men’s Hall, Sun-street, Keighley, towards raising a fund for the erection of his new preaching place. Services will be in the forenoon and afternoon. The announcement made in the Star of last week was a mistake— next Sunday, the 22nd, being the day intended.

LEICESTER. - Mr. Harrison, of Nottingham, will preach here, in the Market-place, next Sunday evening (Mr. Cooper having to be present at the camp- meeting on Nottingham Forest). Smart follows the next evening (Monday), with his second lecture on the principles of the People’s Charter.

NEWCASTLE. — There will be a public meeting at St. Peter's Quay on Monday evening next, at seven , o'clock, when Mr. Mason and other friends will de-liver addresses.

GLOUCESTER. — There will be & public meeting and tea party in the Assembly Rooms, Worcester-street, on Monday evening next, at which Mr. Henry Vincent will be present.

DERBYSHIRE. — Mr. Dean Taylor will lecture at the following places, during the following week : At Derby on Monday, August 24th ; Heanor, Tuesday, 25th ; Breaston, Wednesday, 26th ; Castle Donnington, Thursday, 27th ; Melbourne, Friday, 23th ; and will preach at Derby on Sunday, 30th, at six o’clock in the evening.

MACCLESFIELD. — Mr. Chandley will lecture in the Chartism Room on Sunday evening, on “ the various evils which afflict society.”

NOTTINGHAM. — On Sunday next, August 22nd, there will be a Chartist camp-meeting on Nottingham Forest, commencing at nine o clock, and continuing till evening. Mr. Cooper, editor of the Midland Counties Illuminator, will attend the meeting. Mr. W. D. Taylor, county missionary, Mr. Vickers, of Belper, Messrs. Simmons and Mee, of Sutton-in-Ashfield, aod several other friends from a distance, are expected.

On Monday, August 23rd, Mr. Bairstow will lecture in the Democratic Chapel, Rice-place, Nottingham ; Tuesday, at Arnold ; Wednesday, at Sutton-in-Ashfield ; and Thursday, at Mansfield ; each evening at seven o’clock.

Chartist Delegate Meeting.-— A delegate meeting will be held in Stockport on Sunday, the 5th of September, at ten o’clock in the forenoon, to which the Chartists in the following places are requested to send delegates : Macclesfield, Congleton, Sunday ich, Nantwich, Middlewich, North wich, Mottram, Tintwistle, Wilmslow, Cheadle, Haslegrove, Bred-bury, and Chester. By order of the Couucil, Joseph Carter, sub-Secretary.

WANDSWORTH. — The Council meet on Sunday next at the School Room, near Creek Bridge, in Deptford; the chair to be taken at four o’clock.

LAMBETH. — Mr. Watkins will lecture at the new room of the National Charter Association, Lancashire Coffee-house, 1, China Walk, Lambeth Walk, on Tuesday evening next, on the present condition of the Chartist movement.

Mr. Leach will be in Todmorden, on Monday night; in Hebden Bridge on Tuesday; Halifax on Wednesday; and Keighley on Thursday,

A Chartist Festival will be held at the Ball Court, Bilston, on Tuesday, August 31st. Tickets to be had of Mr. Storer, grocer, Green-court; Mr. Rogers, Walaall-street; and Mr.Davis, Bail-court, Stafford-street.

Erratum. — In the notice which appeared in our last, in reference to the public meeting at Barnsley, the name of Mr. Webster was printed for that of Mr. T. B. Smith.
