STOCKTON. — On Sunday afternoon, at one o’clock, a camp meeting will be held at this place. Friends from Darlington, Middlesborough, Hartlepool, &c., will be in attendance.

SUNDERLAND. — The friends at this place, who intend going to the Stockton meeting, are requested to be at the Mark Quay by six o’clock on Sunday morning, where the steamer will bo found to convey them.

Ruffy Ridley’s Route. —The friends of freedom requiring Huffy Ridley’s services are requested to direct to him, previous to Friday, September 2nd, at Mr. Morgan’s, Green Dragon, Cinderford, Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire.

WESTBURY. — The County Council will meet on Sunday. September 4th, at the Chartist Association Room, War minster-road, Westbury.

Mr. Powell is on his route for Exeter, Tiverton, Newton, and Tavistock.

Mr. Jones, of Liverpool, will visit the following places during the next fortnight - Leicester, on Sunday, Aug. 28th; Nottingham, Monday and Tues-day, 29th and 30th ; Derby, Wednesday and Thursday, 31st, and Sept. 1st; Belper, Friday, 2nd ; Matlock Bath, Saturday, 3rd ; Bakewell, Sunday, 4th ; Buxton, Monday, 5th ; Stockport, Tuesday, 6th ; Manchester, Wednesday, 7th.

Mexbro'. — A Delegate Meeting will be held here, on Sunday, September 4th. The following places are requested to send Delegates Sheffield, Rotherham, Barnsley, Doncaster, East Bedford, Gainsborough, Wath, and Swinton. Any of the above named places that cannot make it convenient to send delegates can send a letter so as to be in time for the meeting. —Direct to W. Gilhiden, Mexbro’ Glass Works, by Rotherham.

LONDON. — A lecture will be delivered at 1, China Walk, on Sunday next, at eight o’clock.

WALWORTH. — The members residing in this locality are requested to meet at Batten’s, Anchor and Crown, Cross-street, Elephant and Castle.

CIRCUS STREET. — Mr. Payne, of London, will lecture at the Working Men’s Hall, 5, Circus-street, New Town, Marylebone. on Sunday evening, Aug. 28th, at half-past seven.

Mr. Dickenson (the Manchester Packer) will be in London on or before Sunday the 29 th. All communications are requested to be left at Mr. John Cleave’s, l, Shoe-lane, Fleet-street.

Mr. Dean Taylor will visit the following places during next meek, viz.: - Monday at Hull, Tuesday at Beverley, Wednesday at Pocklington, Thursday and Friday at Malton, Monday and Tuesday following at Scarbrough.

The East and North Riding delegate meeting will take place at half-past ten o'clock on Sunday morning, at Pockiington, and not at two o’clock in the afternoon, as appeared in the Star of last week. Delegates must enquire for Mr. John Liddall, Pavement. Each delegate must bring an account of! the number of enrolled members in their respective localities.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE DELEGATE MEETING. — The adjourned meeting will be held on Sunday, at eleven o’clock precisely, in the Brown-street Rooms, Manchester, when all the Chartist Localities in South Lancashire are requested to send in their quota of money to support the South Lancashire Lecturer’s Fund, as the treasurer is in arrears.
