Mr. Bell’s Route, Huddersfield district: — Berry Brow, Monday, 21st; Honley, Tuesday, 22nd; Yew Green, Wednesday, 23rd; Dalton, Thursday, 24th ; Thong, Friday, 25th; Holmfirth, Saturday, 26th.

Mr Dean Taylor will visit the following places during the next fortnight, namely Monday, at Leeds ; Tuesday and Wednesday, at York ; Thursday, at Pocklington ; Friday, at Holme ; Saturday, at Beverley ; Monday, the 29th, at Hull; Tuesday, the 30th, at Beverley ; Wednesday, the 31st, at Holme ; Thursday, September the 1st, at Pocklington ; and Friday, the 2nd, and Saturday, the 3rd, at Malton.	

FAILSWORTH. — A lecture will be delivered here on Sunday evening at six o’clock, by Thos. Rankin, of Salford.

WALSALL. - On Tuesday next a Chartist tea party will be held at the house of Mr. D. Stanley, New Inn, St. John-street, at 6 o’clock.

LEEDS. — Mr. Dean Taylor will lecture in the Chartist Room, this evening, (Saturday) at eight o clock, and again on Monday evening, at eight o clock, Mr. Taylor will very probably preach two sermons to-morrow afternoon and evening, in the same place.

General Municipal Election Committee. — This committee will meet in the room, Cheapside, on the 27th of this month, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

LEES. — Mr. Littler will lecture here on Sunday evening, at six o'clock.

MANCHESTER. — Carpenter’s Hall. — Two lectures will be delivered in this Hall on Sunday (to-morrow).

LONDON. - A great Metropolitan public meeting will be held on the plot of ground adjoining the terminus of the Great Western Railway, Paddington, on Monday evening, August the 22ns, at half past six o'clock, to take into consideration the daatardly and illegal attempt to crush the rights and liberty of the people, by endeavouring to pre-vent their meeting in public to discuss their grievances ; also to consider the best means of causing the People’s Charter to become the law of the land.

MARYLEBONE. - Mr. Skelton lectures to-morrow evening, at 5, Circus-street, New-road.

CHELSEA. — Mr. Feargus O’Connor will address the men of Chelsea, on Monday, 29 th.

SHEFFIELD POLITICAL INSTITUTE. — The Manchester Packer lectures to-morrow and Monday evenings. On Tuesday evening Mr. Otley will address a public meeting in the Corn Exchange.

ATTERCLIFFE. — The Manchester Packer lectures to-morrow afternoon, at two, opposite the National School.

EAST AND NORTH RIDING DELEGATE MEETING. — In consequence of the alarming state of things, this meeting is appointed to be held at Pocklington, on Sunday, the 28th, at two o’clock, a.m. A full attendance of delegates is earnestly requested, each bringing an account of the enrolled members in his locality. Every place that cannot send a delegate must write.

DURHAM. — A camp meeting is to be held here on the Sands, on Sunday, the 28th, at one o’clock, P. M. 

LEICESTERSHIRE. — On Sunday afternoon, a camp meeting will be held at Wigstone, to commence at two o’clock. On Monday Mr. Duffy will be at Glem, and Mr. Beedham at the bottom of Humberstone Gate. On Tuesday Mr. Duffy will be at Ribworth, and Mr, Beedham in the Pasture. On Wednesday Mr. Duffy will be at Morkfidd, and Mr. Beedham in the Pmgle. On Thursday Mr. Duffy will be in the Market Place, Leicester, and Mr. Beedham at Blaby. On Friday Mr. Duffy will be in the Foundry Square, and Mr. Beedham at Oadley.

WALWORTH. — A concert and ball will be held at the Montpelier Tavern, on Wednesday eveniug, August the 24h, for the purpose of removing some difficulties we are labouring under. Tickets sixpence each. Several talent ad individuals are engaged to add to the evening’s amusement.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. Clarke’s route for next week: on the Forest, at half-past two and six in the evening ; Monday, Carlton ; Tuesday, New Bradford ; Wednesday. New Lcnton ; Thursday, StapJeford ; Saturday, Noah’s Ark, Mr. Mead will attend at the Robin Hood, on Saturday evening ; at tho Pheasant on Sunday noon ; at the Rancliffe Arms on Sunday evening. Any locality desirous of Mr, Mead’s services, will please to address him at Mrs, Smith’s, Warser-gate, Nottingham.
