LONDON. — Mr. Sherrard will lecture on Sunday morning at the Working Man’s Hall, Mile End Hoad. Miss Susannah Inge, will lecture at the same place in the evening.

MARYLEBONE. — Dr. Fussell will lecture at the Mechanic’s Institution, Circus-street, New-road, on Sunday evening next, at eight o’clock.

SOMERS' TOWN LOCALITY. — On Sunday evening next, Mr. Grover will lecture at Mr. Duddridge's, Bricklayer’s Arms, Tonbridge-street, New-road.

DEAN-STREET, SOHO. — Mr. Davoe will lecture at the Golden Lion, on Sunday next, at eight o’clock.

Mr. Mantz will lecture at the Black Horse and Windmill, Fieldgate-street, Whitechapel, on Sunday, the 27th inst, at eight o’clock in the evening. After the lecture, some important business.

A Public meeting will be holden at the large Assembly Rooms, of the Two Brewers, Vine-street, Hatton-wall, to take into consideration the distressed state of the country. The proceedings will commence at eight o’clock precisely. —On Wednesday next the meeting will be addressed by Messrs. M’Grath, Fussell, Bolwell, Cameron, Cowan, Parker and Sharp.

A Chartist meeting will be holden at the Patriot Coffee House, every Monday evening, and at the Two Brewers on Wednesdays.

WARWICK. — A meeting will bo holden at the Saracen’s-head, next Sunday evening, precisely at half-past seven o’clock, when it is expected that the Delegate Fund will be completed.

HALIFAX. — A public meeting will be holden in the Chartist Association room, Pelion-lane, on Monday the 28th inst., at eight o’clock in the evening, to appoint a delegate to the projected Conference.

A Special Delegate Meeting of the Halifax District will be holden at Lower Warley, on Sunday (to-morrow), at two o’clock in the afternoon. A good attendance of delegates is expected.

SOWERBY. — A camp meeting will be holden on Ratten-row Moor on Sunday, Sept. 3rd, at two o'clock in the afternoon.

SUNDERLAND. — Messrs. Dobie and Chariton will lecture on Monday evening, the 28th inst., in the Chartist room. Chair to be taken at eight o’clock precisely. Admission free.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday, to-morrow, a lecture will be delivered in the Chartist room, at six o’clock in the evening, by a friend.

On Wakes Tuesday a Tea Party and Ball will take place in the Town Hall, Oldham. Mr. O’Connor has pledged himself to attend. Mr. Duncombe is also invited, and expected to attend. Tea on the table precisely at four o’clock, and the Ball to commence at ten. Gentlemen’s tickets, to the body of the hall, 1s 21; Ladies, 1s ; to platform, Gentlemen, 1s 6d ; Ladies 1s 3d each; to Ball only 3d each. Early application is requested, as only a limited number of tickets will be issued.

BRIGHTON. — The supporters of the cause of liberty are respectfully informed, that a Concert and Ball will be hoiden on Tuesday the 29th insfc., at the Artichoke Inn, William-street, for the benefit of Mr. William Flower, sub-Treasurer, their old friend and labourer in the cause of truth and justice. The attendance of reformers is respectfully solicited.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. Doyle’s route for the ensuing weekNotfingham Market-place, on Sunday the 27th ; Mansfield, on Monday the 28th; Sutton-in-Ashfield, on Tuesday the 29th ; Bulwell, on Wednesday the 30th ; Ilkeston, on Thursday the 31st inst.; and Derby on Sunday Sept. 3rd.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Thomas Davis, of Hawick, will deliver two addresses to-morrow, in the Chartist room, top of Yorkshire-street, to commence at half past two and six o’clock.	

HUDDERSFIELD. — A District Delegate Meeting will be holden in the Chartist room, Honley, on Sunday the 27th inst., at one o'clock in the afternoon. As collections were made at a number of places, where Mr. Davies lectured, to defray the expenses attending the same, it is hoped that Delegates from those places will attend, in order that the money matters may be settled.	

BIRMINGHAM. — A Grand Tea Party and ball will be holden on Tuesday, September 5th, in the Hall of Science, Lawrence-screet, in honour of Thomas S. Duncombe, Esq., M.P., J. T. Leader, Esq., M.P., W. Williams. Esq., M.P., and Shaman Crawford, Esq., M.P. Tickets, one Shilling each.

STOCKPORT. — A members’ meeting will he holden in the largo room, Hillgate, at two o'clock, to-morrow (Sunday). —Mr. James Loach, of Manchester, will lecture in tho evening, at six o’clock. Subject: " The Fallacies of the Anti-Corn Law League.”

On Tuesday a public meeting will be holden at eight o’clock in the evening, to elect a delegate to the Conference to be holden at Birmingham on Tuesday Sept. 5th.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. J. R. Bairstow will deliver a lecture in the Carpenters’ Hall, on Sunday evening, (to-morrow.) Chair to be taken at half-past six o’clock. The adjourned discussion upon the Land question will be resumed in the Large Ante-room of the above Hall, on Sunday (to-morrow.) Chair to be taken at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon.
