HALIFAX. — A public meeting will be held at the Chartist Lecture Room, this evening, Saturday, for the purpose of appointing a deputation to receive O’Connor, when he emerges from his “ coffin.”

LIVERPOOL. — Mr. Wm. Jones lectures in the Association Room next Wednesday evening.

CITY OF LONDON. — Next Sunday evening, the 29th instant, Mr. Ruffey Ridley will deliver a sermon, in the hall of the Institute, 55, Old Bailey.

NOTTINGHAMSHIRE. — On Sunday, August 29th, Mr. Bairstow will preach on Nottingham Forest, at two o'clock in the afternoon, and six in the evening. Same day, Mr. Simmons will preach at Arnold, in the evening. Same day, Mr. G. Harrison will preach at Ruddington, in the afternoon. Mr. Bairstow will lecture on Monday at Calverton; Tuesday at Ucknall; Wednesday at Basford; Thursday at Carrington; and on Saturday at Nottingham, in the large Room, George on Horseback; each evening at seven o’clock.

LEEDS. — A lecture will be delivered next Sunday evening, on the silent system, to commence at seven o’clock. Tho attendance of the Chartists is particularly requested. On Sunday, September 6th, at seven o’clock, Mr. J. Smith, of Hunslet, will deliver a lecture on phrenology.

BIRMINGHAM. — The friends at this place are informed that a public meeting will be held every Tuesday evening, at the Charter Association Room, Freeman-street, on behalf of Frost, Williams, and Jones. Chair to be taken at eight o’clock.

A West-Riding Delegate Meeting will be held on Sunday, August 29th, (to-morrow,) at ten o’clock in the forenoon, at Dewsbury, in the Chartist Association Room, over the Co-operative Stores.

STOCKPORT. - Mr. James Leech will lecture in the Charlestown Meeting Room, on Tuesday, August 31st. One penny will be charged for admission. Mr. Richards, of Salford, will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Room, Catharine-strect, on Sunday next, at six o’clock in the evening.

LEICESTER. — Mr. Cooper will preach in the Market-place, at six o’clock to-morrow (Sunday night) if the weather permit; otherwise, in the room at All-Saints’ Open.

SUNDERLAND. — On Sunday afternoon, Mr. Binns will lecture at the Life Boat House.

SOUTH HETTON AND DOWNS. — Mr. Williams must postpone his visit to those places until after Mr. O’Connor’s release.

MARYLEBONE. — The discussion between Mr. Watkins and Mr. Watson, on “ Chartism and Lovettism,” will take place on the 7th of September, at the Hall of Science, City Road.

Mr. Doyle will lecture at Eccles on Monday evening ; at Warrington on Tuesday evening; at Prescot on Wednesday evening ; and at Liverpool on Thursday evening.

Mr. Wall lectures on Sunday, August 29th, at Deptfod; on the following Sunday, at Westminster; and on Saturday, Sept. 4th, at the Craven’s Head, Drury-lane.

BERMONDSEY. — A special general meeting of the members of council, residing in the various localities, in the counties of Surrey and Kent, will be held at the Horn’s Tavern, Crucifix-lane, Bermondsey, on Sunday next, when business of great importance will be laid before the meeting. It is requested that each member should attend.

DERBYSHIRE. — Mr. Dean Taylor will lecture on Monday, August 30th, at Belper; Tuesday at Duffield ; Wednesday, September 1st, at Holbrook ; Thursday at Swanwick; Friday at Alfreton; Saturday at South Wingfield ; and will preach on Sunday, in Alfreton Market-place, at half-past one o’clock in the afternoon ; also in the evening at half-past five o’clock, in the Belper Market-place.

FINSBURY. — Notices of Meeting.— Mr. W. Balls will deliver an address to Chartists, and others, meeting at Lunt’s Coffee House, Clerkenwell, on Monday evening. Discussion is invited. Subject— “ Address to the Queen, in answer to her Speech.’’ On Tuesday evening, a public ball will take place at Johnson’s Ball Room, No. 7, Clerkenwell Green, in aid of the funds for providing a demonstration in honour of F, O’Connor, and other imprisoned patriots. On Wednesday, Mr. Spurr will lecture at the Northern Star, 1, Golden-lane, in the large room.

BERMONDSEY. — A raffle will take place on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock, at the Black Eagle Tap, Parish-street, opposite the Workhouse, near Crucifix-lane, for a beautiful likeness of Thomas Paine, at threepence per member, for the benefit of poor Reeves, of Lambeth, who suffered so gloriously in the cause of the unstamped press, some years ago, and who is in great distress.

BLACKBURN. — There will be a delegate meeting held here on Sunday, the 5th of September, at twelve o’clock, in the house of Mr. George Maule, bookseller, King-street, to more effectually organize North Lancashire. Delegates from Lancaster, Preston, Blackburn, Colne, Burnley, Accrington, Baslingden, Chorley, Darwin, Garstang, and all tho intermediate towns and villages, are expected to be present.

CHESHIRE Delegate Meeting. — A delegate meeting will be held in Stockport, on Sunday, the 5th of September, at ten o’clook in the forenoon, to which tho Chartists in the following places are requested to send delegates Macclesfield, Congleton, Sand-bach, Nunwich, Middlewich, Northwieb, Mottram, Tintwistle, Wilmslow, Cheadle, Haslegrove, Bredbury, and Chester. By order of the Council, Joseph Carter, Sub-Secretary, Water-street, Portwood.
