SCOTLAND. — The following is the route of Mr. Lowery, who has agreed to the terms proposed by the delegates, and he commences his labours on the 7th Sept, at Leith:—Musselburgh, 8th Sept.; Portobello, 10th; Dalkeitk, 13th; Gorebridge, 14th; Ros-Hn, 15th; Fenniwick, 16th; Miller's Hill, 20th; Lasswade, 21st; Corstorphin, 23rd; Edinburgh, 27th; Pathead, 28th; Juniper Green, 29th; and Leith, 30th. N.B. All communications to be addressed to Mr. W. Innes, Mills Close, 212, Canon-gate, Edinburgh.

NOTTINGHAMSHIRE. — On Sunday next, there will be preaching at the usual time, upon the Forest if the weather permit, if not, in the chapel. On Monday evening, Mr. Dean Taylor will lecture in the Chapel, Rice-place, Nottingham ; Tuesday, at Beeston; Wednesday, at Lenton ; and Thursday, at Radford ; each evening at seven o'clock.

Mr. O'Brien. —The men of Lambeth have got up a benefit for Mr. O'Brien, at the Pantheon Theatre, Catherine-street, which will take place on Monday, September 13th. The performances are “Venice Preserved," and the “ Wreck Ashore." Bills and tickets can be had at the Chartists' Hall, China-Walk; Lambeth Coffee House, North Place ; 55, Old Bailey, and at Mr. Cleave's. We trust Mr. O'B. will have a bumper.

DERBY. — Mr. Bairstow will lecture at the undermentioned places during the following week Ockbrook, on Monday, Sept. 6th ; Ilkiston, 7th ; Hcanor, 8th ; Burton, 9th ; Swadlincote, 10th; Burton, 11th ; and will preach in Derby Market Place, on Sunday, the 12th —forenoon at ten o'clock, and in the evening at six.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. Leach will lecture in Eccles on Monday evening, Sept. 6th, on Trades' Unions, showing the necessity of the trades joining immediately the National Charter Association.

Mr. Wm. Bell, of Salford, will lecture in Bolton on Sunday evening next.

Mr. Cooper will preach in the Market Place, Manchester, on Sunday evening, Sept. 5 th, at six o'clock ; otherwise in the room, at All Saints’ Open. Mr. Cooper will deliver a lecture on Geology in the Town Hall, on Monday night, Sept. 6ch. A camp meeting is intended to be held at Leicester, on Sunday, Sept. 12th.

On Sunday evening, (to-morrow) the Rev. Mr. Starkie, delegate to the Anti-Corn Law Conference, will give an exposition of the proceedings of that assembly in the Chartist Room, Brown-street, Manchester.

A Public Recital will be given for the benefit of that tried and dungeon-proof patriot, Christopher Doyle, in Brown-street Rooms, on Friday evening, Sept. 10th,

LEEDS. — At the weekly meeting in Fish-street, on Monday evening, a petition will be submitted on the horrible silent system.

NEW LEEDS, BRADFORD. — A discussion will be held in the Association-room to-morrow, on the question—iS Whether a Repeal of the Corn Laws, or the Charter, is the best calculated to ameliorate the condition ef the working classes."

BRADFORD. — Brooke, the Victim, —A sermon will be preached on Sunday next, by Mr. Ingham, at Manningham, at two o'clock, p.m.; and another by Mr. Thomas Ibbetson, at Longcroft-place, at six o'clock in the evening, when collections at each service will be made on behalf of Wm. Brooke, a prisoner in Northallerton “ hell-hole.”

MACCLESFIELD. — Mr. West will lecture on Sunday evening, in the Chartist-rooms, at half-past six o'clock.

MIDDLESEX. — The County Delegate Council of Middlesex will meet on Sunday next, for the purpose of devising the best means of providing for making a demonstration to welcome O'Connor.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — The members of this Association are requested to meet in their room, Catherine-street, on Sunday next, at two o'clock in the afternoon, on business of importance.

LEIGH. — There will be a meeting held next Sunday, at two o'clock in the afternoon, in the Association-room, when friends from Astley, Fildsley, Chowbent, Lowton, and Westhoughton, are desired to attend.

SUNDERLAND. — On Sunday afternoon, Mr. Binns will lecture at the Life Boat House, at half-past two. On Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock, a public meeting will be held, for the purpose of enrolling members in the National Charter Association. Messrs. Binns, Williams, Taylor, Bragg, and others will address the meeting.

NEWTON HEATH. — Mr. Edward Clark will lecture in the Association Room, on Monday, the 6th of September, at eight o'clock in the evening.

LANCASHIRE. — Mr. Doyle will lecture in Warrington on Monday the 6th ; Prescott, Tuesday the 7th; and Liverpool on Wednesday, the 8th September ; and will be in Dublin on Sunday the 12th, from which place he will go to Drogheda, Newry, Armagh, Lisburn, and Belfast.

¦	Haslbcrotb.—Mr. William Fenton will lecture

1 in this village to-morrow evening, (Sunday) at Bix o'clock.
