LONDON. — Mr. Bolwell will lecture at Somers Town on Sunday next.

A full attendance of the members of the London Victim Committee is desired at the City Institution on Wednesday evening.

Mr. McGrath will lecture on Tuesday evening, at the City of London Institution, Turnagain-lane. — Admission free.

LONDON DELEGATE MEETING. — Members from every locality are requested to attend on Sunday afternoon, at the City of London Institution in order to decide respecting the ensuing Conference.

LEICESTER. - Mr. Bairstow will lecture in the Market-place on Sunday next, in the evening. A collection will be made; the whole proceeds to be given to Mrs. Cooper. The Countesthorpe camp meeting will be holden at the Cross-lanes on Sunday morning at half-past ten. Mr. Bairstow will be present.

SOMERS TOWN LOCALITY. — On Sunday evening next, Mr. Bolwell will lecture at Mr. Duddridge’s, Bricklayers’ Arms, Tonbridge-street, New road.

SOUTH LONDON HALL OF SCIENCE, BLACKFRIARS' ROAD. — Mr. Bowkett will lecture at the above hall, on next Tuesday evening, September the 5th. Subject—“ The best means of the working men becoming freeholders.”

The Councillors belonging to the City boot and shoemaker Chartists are requested to attend on Sunday morning next, at eleven o’clock, at 3, Carr-square, Moor-lane; and the members and friends of the above locality are informed that the Star Coffee-House, is given up as a place of meeting. Due notice will be given of a new place when fixed on,

WORKING MEN'S HALL, MILE END ROAD. — A discussion will take place at the above Hall, on Sunday morning next, 3rd inst. Subject —" Repeal of the Union.” The discussion will be opened by Mr. M’Grath. Admission tree.

Mr. Sherrard will deliver a lecture in the evening,

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Fussell will deliver a lecture at the Mechanics’ Institution, Circus-street, New road, on Sunday evening, 3rd inst., at half-past seven o’clock.

ISLINGTON. — The Chartists of London intend to have a concert on next Monday and Tuesday, at the Flora Tavern and Tea Gardens, York-place, Barnbury-park. Amusements, to begin at five o’clock in the afternoon,

A Chartist Excursion to the Nore, calling at Gravesend, will take place on Monday the 11th inst. Tickets, 2s. 6d. each; double, 4s. 6d.; to be procured at any Chartist locality.

TOWER HAMLETS. — The General Council of the Hamlets will meet at the Weavers’ Arms, Pelham-street, on Sunday (to-morrow), at five o’clock in the afternoon.

LEEDS. — Mr. David Ross will deliver two lectures in the Chartist Room, Cheapaide, tomorrow afternoon, at half-past two, and in the evening at half-past six o’clock. The Working Man’s Hall Committee , will meet in the above Room on Tuesday night, at eight o’clock precisely.

LEEDS DISTRICT. — A District Meeting will be holden to-morrow morning at ten o’clock, in the Chartist Room, Cheapside. All persons having collecting books are urgently requested to bring them into this meeting.

WEDNESBURY. — A public meeting will be holden in the People's Hall, on Monday the 4th inst. for the election of a delegate to represent the counties or Stafford and Worcester in the National Conference.

MACCLESFIELD. - A lecture will be delivered in the Chartist room, Stanley-street, on Sunday, (tomorrow ), at six o’clock in the evening, by Mr. Thomas Clark, of Stockport. Subject, « Organization and the state of political parties.”

NOTTINGHAM. - A public meeting will be held at Mr. Hardy's house next Sundy evening, at eight o'clock, for the purpose of forming an association in connextion with the Chartist agitation. Friends to the cause will attend to give information and explain the principles of the People’s Charter.

STOCKPORT. — On Sunday next, the Rev. W. V. Jackson, of Manchester, will lecture here, at six o’clock in the evening.

HATHERN TURN. — A camp meeting will be held at this place, on Sunday, Sept, 3rd, to commence at two o’clock.-Mr. Dorman, of Nottingham, will attend. A delegate meeting will be held at the same place at five o'clock on the same day.

ALMONDBURY. — A lecture will be delivered in the Town Hall on Monday evening next, by Mr. Henry Marsden, of Holmfirth, on “ The Social and Political Regeneration of Mankind.” To commence precisely at eight o’clock. —Three lectures will be delivered in the Town Hall, on the respective evenings of Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, upon Elocution, by Mr. David Ross, of Manchester. To commence each evening at eight o’clock.

Mr. S. Davis will attend the following places: — On Tuesday, Sept. 5th, Four Lane Ends ; Wednesday night, Low Moor; Thursday night, Dudley-hill, at the house of Mr. Farrar, Hand and Shuttle Inn; Friday night, Bradford Moor, at the Coach and Horses Inn ; Saturday night, at Higbtown; all in the Bradford district; each meeting to commence at six o’clock.

The South Lancashire Delegate Meeting will take place on Sunday (to-morrow), in the Council Room, under the Carpenters’ Hall, chair to be taken at ten o’clock in the afternoon.

LOUGHBOROUGH. — Mr. Dorman, of Nottingham, will preach at this place on Sunday, Sept. 3rd, at eleven o’clock in the morning.

BURY. — A public lecture will be delivered in the Garden-street Lectures Room, on Monday, the 4th of September, by Mr. P. Daly, of Levenshulme, on the Repeal of the Legislative Union.

SHEFFIELD. — On Sunday evening, Mr. Geo. Julian Harney will deliver a lecture in the Fig-tree Lane Room, commencing at seven o’clock. —On Monday evening, a public discussion will be held in the above room, to commence at half-past seven. —On Tuesday evening, a public ball will be held in the same room. Dancing to commence at seven o’clock.

HALIFAX. — According to previous announcement, a public meeting was holden here on Monday last, for the purpose of appointing a delegate to the forthcoming Conference, when Mr. Benjamin Rushton was unanimously elected.

SOWERBY. — A camp meeting will be holden on Ratten-row Moor, on Sunday (to-morrow) at two o’clock in the afternoon.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. Jonathan Barber will deliver a lecture in the large room, at Daman’s Temperance Hotel, Glare-street, on Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock, the 5th inst. On Monday, the 4th inst., there will be a Social Tea Party at the above Hotel, Tickets 9d. each, to be had of Mr. Dorman.

Mr. Jonathan Brown will lecture in the Marketplace, Nottingham, on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.

BRADFORD. — A camp meeting will be held at Idle Green, on Sunday, at half-past four o'clock in the afternoon, Messrs Smyth, Alderson, and others will address the meeting.

The Chartists of Bowling Back-lane will meet in their Room on Sunday, at ten o’clock in the morning and at two in the afternoon.

The Chartists of Manningham, will meet in their Room on Sunday, at two o’clock in the afternoon. A full attendance is requested, as the discussion on the Organization will be concluded.

The Chartists of the Central Locality will meet in the Council Room, on Sunday morning, at nine o’clock. The members are respectfully requested to be in attendance at the time appointed, as business of importance will be brought before the meeting.

The Chartists of Park Place will meet in the Sohool Room, Park Place, on Sunday morning, at nine o’clock.

Mr. J. H. Dewhirst, one of the plot victims, lately liberated from Wakefield College, will address the Chartists of Idle, on Sunday afternoon, at halfpast four o’clock.

A Special Meeting of the Counoil will be held in the Council Room, Butterworth Buildings, at ten o’clock on Sunday morning,on business of importance. It is hoped every member will attend.

The Chartists of Daisy Hill will meet in their room on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock.

The Chartists of White Abbey will meet in their room, at eight o’clock on Monday evening. A full attendance is expected.

LITTLETOWN IN LIVERSEDGE. — Two sermons will be preached at this place on Sunday, the lOth inst,, by that unconquerable foe to oppression, Mr. Benj. Rushton, of Ovenden, when collections will be made to liquidate the expenses of the room.

MANCHESTER. — A meeting of the members of the Manchester locality will take place in the Carpenters’ Hall, on Sunday (to-morrow), chair to he taken at ten o’clock in the forenoon. —There will be a public discussion in the afternoon of the same day; chair to be taken at half-past two.

A lecture will be delivered in the Carpenters’ Hall on Sunday evening next, Sept. 3rd; chair to be taken at half-past six o’clock.
