HUDDERSFIELD. - Mr. T. B. Smith will visit the friends at Huddersfield (according to their request), on Sunday (to-morrow.) He will arrive this evening.

The South Lancashire delegate meeting will be held in the Brown-street Chartist Rooms, near St. Andrew’s Church, Travis-street, Manchester, on Sunday, September, 11th, at eleven o’clock precisely, when very important business will be brought before the delegates. Each locality is particularly requested to either send a delegate of communicate with the secretary previous.

Mr. Cook intends lecturing in the following places during the ensuing week :-Canterbury, on Monday; Tonbridge, on Tuesday; Tonbridge Wells, on Wednesday; Brighton, on Thursday; Lewes, on Saturday.

HEBDEN BRIDGE. — B. Rushton will preach two sermons in the Association room, on Sunday (tomorrow,) at two o’clock, in the afternoon, and at six in the evening.

The Committee for the assistance of Mrs. Sadler, meet at the Crown and Anchor, Cheshire-street, Waterloo Town, on Wednesday evening, at eight o’clock. A full attendance is requested.

Mr. P. M, Brophy will lecture at Littleborough, on Monday, the fifth of September; Colne, on Tuesday, the 6th ; Bacup, on Wednesday, the 7th ; Todmorden, on Thursday, the 8th, and Friday, the 9th ; Halifax, on Saturday and Sunday, the 10th aud 11th; and Huddersfield, on Monday and Tuesday, the 12th and 13th instant.

HOLBECK. — On Sunday (to-morrow) evening, a sermon will be preached here by Mr. Barron, of Nottingham. To commence at half-past six o’clock.

SHEFFIELD. — A meeting will be held at Sky Edge on Sunday afternoon, (to-morrow,) at half-past two o’clock.

A Meeting will be held in the Fig-tree-lane room on Sunday evening, (to-morrow.) at seven o'clock.

Mr. W. Bell, Chartist Lecturer, will deliver two lectures in tho room Fig-tree-lane, on Monday and Tuesday Evenings, September the 5th and 6th. Admission, One Penny. The lecture to commence each evening at eight o’clock precisely.

Feargus O’Conngh’s Daily Paper, the Evening Star, publicly read in the Fig-tree-lane room, every evening, Doors open at six o’clock. Admission free.

Mr. Dean Taylor will visit the following places during next week: - Monday and Tuesday at Scarborough ; Thursday and Friday, at York; Saturday, at Howden; and Monday, the 12th, at Hull.

STOCKPORT. — Mr. James Mitchell will lecture on Sunday evening next.

ROYTON. — Mr. Thomas Clark, of Stockport, will lecture here, on Suaday next, at six o’clock in the evening.

LONDON. — Mr. Brown lectures at China Walk, Lambeth, to-morrow evening, at eight o'clock.

MILE END. — Mr. Campbell will lecture on the Corn Laws, in the Chartist Assembly, rooms Mile End-road. Discussion invited.

LONDON. — A lecture will be delivered on Sunday evening, at the New Chartist Room, 294 Mila End Road, near the Red Cow. Chair to be taken at seven o’clock.

Mr. Dickenson, the Manchester packer, will lecture on Sunday evening, at the New Chartist Room, 294, Mile End Road, near the Red Cow.

The members of the late Provisional Committee are requested to attend at 55, Old Bailey, on Sunday afternoon, at two o’clock precisely, that a balance sheet may be published, and the affair brought to a final close.

MEXBRO'. — A delegate meeting will bo hold tomorrow (Sunday), Sept. 4th, at half-past ten o'clock in the morning, at the Masons’ Arms Inn, New Mexbro’.
