LEEDS DISTRICT. — A General District meeting will be holden to-morrow morning, at ten o’clock, in the Chartist Room, Cheapside, for the purpose of winding up accounts previous to coming under the new Plan of Organization.

LEEDS. — Mr. Robert Peddie will lecture in the Chartist Room, Cheapside, to-morrow evening, at half-past six o'clock.

Mr. Wheeler will lecture at the Golden Lion, Dean-street, Soho, on Sunday evening.

CITY OF LONDON INSTITUTION. — A lecture will be delivered on Tuesday evening; after which, Miss E. Miles will address the meeting. Admission free.

SOMERS TOWN. — On Sunday evening a lecture will be delivered at Mr. Duddridge’s, Bricklayers’ Arms, Tonbridge-street, New Road.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Cameron will lecture on Sunday evening next at the Mechanics’ Institution, Circus-street, New-road, at half-past seven o’clock.

RIPPLEY. — Mr. J. Pepper will preach here next Sunday, at five in the afternoon.

Mr. Doyle’s Route: — Sunday, 10th September, Church Groasly ; Monday, Bur ton-on-Trent ; Tuesday, Tutbury; Wednesday, Derby ; Thursday, Ilkestone ; and Saturday, Borrowash.

HALIFAX. — The monthly delegate meeting of this district will be held at Sovverby, on Sunday (to-morrow), at two o'clock in the afternoon.

NEWCASTLE. — Mr. Dickinson, the Manchester Packer, will preach a sermon in the Forth, Newcastle, at two o'clock in the afternoon, and another in the Chartists' Hall, Goat Inn, Cloth Market, at seven o'clock on Sunday (to-morrow) evening.

KEIGHLEY. — The next delegate meeting of this district will be holden in the Working Man's Hall, Sun-street, Keighley, on Sunday, the 17th inst., at ten o'clock in the forenoon.

DEWSBURY. — Mr. Smyth and Mr. Dewhirst will deliver each a short address, in the Association Room, on Sunday evening (to-morrow) at six o’clock, on the business of the Conference.

MANCHESTER. — On the 12th inst., there will be a discussion held in the Young Men’s National Charter Association Room, Brown-street, Travis-street, near St. Andrew's Church. Subject—“ The remedy for the present distress.” Chair to be taken at eight o'clock,

MANCHESTER. - A discussion will take place in the large ante-room of the Carpenters' Hall, on Sunday next, at half-past two o'clock in the afternoon.

A Special Meeting of the members of the Manchester locality, will be holden in the Carpenters’ Hall, on Sunday (to-morrow), at ten o’olock in the forenoon.

Mr. Lloyd, of Liverpool, is expected to lecture in the Carpenters’ Hall, on Sunday evening, at half-past six o'clock.

The Chartist Painters of Manchester are requested to meet in their room on Sunday (to-morrow) morning, at ten o’clock, when business of importance will be brought forward.

The Quarterly Meeting of the Shareholders in the Chartist Institute will be be held iu the Painters’ Reading Room, Watson-street, Peter-etreet, on Tuesday evening next, at eight o'clock.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — A lecture will bo delivered in the Chartist Room, Charlestown, on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock, when it is hoped that all who can make it convenient will attend.

HEYWOOD. - Mr. James Leach, of Manchester, will deliver two lectures in the Chartist Association Room, Hartley-street, on Sunday (to-morrow), at half-past two in the afternoon, and at six in the evening. A collection will be made at the close of the lecture, towards establishing a Sunday school for the education of adults.

HUDDERSFIELD. - A delegate meeting of this district will be holden in the Association room, in Honley, on Sunday next, at one o’clock in the afternoon. It is hoped that a delegate from each place in the district will be present.

BRADFORD. - The members of the Bradford Central Joint Stock Co-operative Society are hereby informed that the usual monthly meeting of the Society will be held next Monday night, in the Store Rooms, when the report for the last month will be presented, and other business transacted. Chair to be taken at eight o'clock precisely.

Two Sermons will be preached in the National Charter Sunday School, White Abbey, on Sunday. In the afternoon, at two o'clock, by Mr, J, B. Alderson ; and, in the evening, at six, by Mr. J. Hammond, A collection will be made after each sermon in aid of the school.

Meeting. — A public meeting will be holden in the Room, Butterworth's-buildings, on Monday evening next, to hear the report of the delegate to Conference.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — A general meeting of the members of this locality will be held on Sunday next, at ten in the forenoon, when it is requested that all the members will attend.

ROCHDALE. — Two lectures will be delivered in the Chartist Association Room, top of Yorkshire-street, on Sunday (to-morrow), in the afternoon, at half-past two o'clock ; and in the evening, at six.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. G. Harrison will preach in the Market Place, ou Sunday evening next, at six o'clock.

Mr. R. T. Morrison will give a lecture in Rice Place Chapel, on Tuesday evening next, at eight o’clock, relative to his mission to the Birmingham Conference.
