LONDON. — Mr. George White, of Birmingham, is expected to preach in the Chartists’ Hall, 55, Old Bailey, on Sunday next.

NOTTINGHAMSHIRE. — On Monday evening, a lecture will be delivered at Nottingham, by Mr. Dean Taylor, for tho benefit Of Broiterre O’Brien. On Tuesday evening, Mr. Taylor will lecture at Mansfield ; on Wednesday, at Sutton-in-Ashfield ; and on Thursday, at Hucknall Torkard. The friends at those places are requested to make it as public as possible.	

HYDE. — Mr. John Loach, of Hyde, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, Oldham, on Sunday next, tho 12th instant, in the afternoon and evening.

Lectures. — Mr. Mason will lecture at the following places: - On Monday, the 13th, at Stafford ; on Tuesday, the 14th, at Stourbridge; on Wednesday, the 15th, at Kidderminster; on Thursday, the 16th, at Bromsgrove : and on Friday, the 17th, at Redditch.

HANLEY (STAFFORDSHIRE POTTERIES). — Mr. G. B. Mart, of Stoke-upon-Trent, will deliver a lecture on Church and State, at the house of Mr. Joseph Heath, in the Association Room, on Monday evening, at seven o’clock, The friends of the cause will do well to make it known.

LEICESTER. — Mr. Baiistow will be present at the Camp Meeting, Leicester, next Sunday, instead of preaching in the Derby Market Place, as previously announced.

WANDSWORTH, (SURREY). —Mr. Stallwood has accepted the invitation of the patriotic men and woman of Wandsworth, and will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Assembly Rooms, Frogmore, on Sunday evening next, at half-past six o’clock precisely.

HOLLINGWORTH. — Mr. John Campcell will lecture at the Chartist Meeting Room, near the New Inn, on Sunday, Sept. 12th, at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon.

SUNDERLAND. — On Sunday next, Mr. Richmond, a new and worthy advocate of the cause, will speak at the Life Boat House, at half-past two o’clock. On Monday evening, Mr. Blons will lecture at the weekly meeting of the Temperance Society, in the Arcade Room, and on. Tuesday evening at eight, Mr. Williams will lecture in the same room, on the poer ancl prospects of the Democracy.

EAST RIDING. — There will be an East Riding Delegate meeting at Selby, on Sunday, the 19th inst., at ten o’clock in the forenoon. Every locality will of course send a delegate.

HUNSLET. — Mr. Wm. Hick will preach at Hunslet, Carr on Sunday morning, at half-past ten o'clock, and in the evening at the Temperance News Room, Huuslet, at half-past six. On Tuesday evening, Mr. Smith lectures at half-past Seven.

LONDON. — The benefit at the Pantheon Theatre, Catherine-street, Strand, takes place on Monday next. We trust that Mr. O’Brien will have a bumper, and in answer to numerous enquiries, we, have to announce that the Box tickets are 1s. 6d. Pit, 1s., Gallery, 6d.

LEICESTER. — A Camp Meeting is intended to be held at Leicester, on the Recreation Ground, next Sunday, September 12th Messrs, Bairstow of Derby, Dean Taylor, of Nottingham, Harrison, of Calvertoa, Cooper, of Leicester, &c will address the meeting. Tho first service to commence at ten o’clock in the morning.

Mr. Leach will lecture in Sowerby, on Monday, the 13th, in Keighley, on Tuesday, the 14th, in Colne, on Wednesday, the 15sh, in Burnley, on Thursday, the 16th, and Blackburn, on Friday, the 17th of September, and will proceed to meet the other members of the executive in Birmingham, on the 20th.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr. Barker will lecture on Sunday evening, at seven o’clock, in the large room, Fig Tree Lane. Subject, “The necessity of abolishing the House of Lords.”

MELTHAM. — Edward Clayton will lecture at Meltham, on Sunday next, the l5th inst., at three o’clock.

LANCASTER. — The Chartists of Lancaster intend having a Tea Party and Public Meeting, to commemorate Mr. O’Brien’s liberation, on Friday September 24th, when Feargus O’Connor and other friends are expected to attend.

BIRMINGHAM. - Public Entry to Feargus O’Connor. —On the 20th last, a few friends of the Charter, meeting at the sign of the Ship, Steel House Lane, anxious to reconcile party feeling, and wishing to unite all those friendly to freedom, and with a view of facilitating a grand public entry in this town to the above named unflinching Patriot, call upon all real lovers of liberty to meet at the above house next Tuesday evening at half-past seven.
