SOUTH-SHIELDS. — Mr. Rigby will preach a sermon on Jarrow Hill, near South-Shields, on Sunday. Sept. 18th.

HALIFAX. — A delegate meeting of the district will be held on Sunday, Sept. 18th, at two o’clock in the afternoon ; place of meeting as agreed to last delegate meeting, held at Wixenden. Each locality are requested to send a delegate, and by him their mite for the National Defence Fund.

HONLEY. — Mr. David Ross, from Manchester, will lecture in the Association room, Honley, on Saturday, this evening.

DEWSBURY DISTRICT. — A council meeting will be held at Dewsbury, in the large room, over the Cooperative stores, on Sunday, September 18th, at two o'clock in the afternoon, when delegates will be expected from the following places Dewsbury, Daw-green, Earlsheaton, Ossett, Wakefield, Stanley, Pot-ovens East Ardsley, Birstall, Batley, Batley Carr, Heckmondwike, Littletown, Cleckheaton, Overton, Horburry, and Doghouse. It is particularly requeued that the above places will send delegates, as business of great importance will brought forward.

BURY. — Mr. J. Bailey, from Manchester, will deliver a lecture in the Garden-street Lecture Room, on Monday next, at eight o’clock in the evening.

LONDON. — Chartist Hall, Mile End Road.— Mr. Brown will lecture here on Sunday evening; Mr. Ruffy Ridley on Monday evening; Mr. Cook on Tuesday ; Mrs. Bissoll on Wednesday evening; and Mr. Campbell on Thursday evening,

Mr. J. Campbell will lecture on Monday evening, to the tailors, at the Three Doves, Berwick-street, Soho.

ALBION COFFEE HOUSE, CHURCH-STREET, SHOREDITCH. — A general meeting will be held in the above room, on Sunday, at eight o’clock in the evening, to take into consideration some plan for the raising of funds to assist in defending our brethren in the North.

Mr. Stallwood will lecture at the Britannia Coffee House, Waterloo-road, Lambeth, on Monday evening next, September 19th, at eight o’clock precisely.

STAR COFFEE HOUSE, UNION-STREET, BOROUGH. — Mr. Stallwood will lecture here on Tuesday evening next. September 20th, at eight o’clock precisely.

A Lecture will be delivered at 1, China-walk, Lambntb, on Tuesday Sept. 13th, at half-past eight o’clock in the evening,

Mr. Campbell, secretary to the Executive, will lecture on Sunday evening next, at the Star Coffee House, Golden-lane, to commence at eight o’clock precisely.

BERMONDSEY. — A raffle will take place on Tuesday evening next, at Mr. Jeane’s, hair dresser, Snowsfields, Bermondsey, for the benefit of Robert Wild, who is in Chester Castle, for speaking the truth.

The Weaver’s Locality. — The members and friends of the above will meet this evening, the 17th, and to-morrow the 18th, at the Golden Arms, Golden-place, Old Bethnal-green-road, at the bottom of Pollard’s-row. Chair to be taken at eight o’clock each evening, On Sunday the 18th Mr. John Campbell will lecture here.

HOLLINGWOOD. — On Sunday next two lectures will be delivered in the Ralph-green Chartist Room, one in the afternoon, at two o’clock, by Mr, A. F. Taylor, of Royton, and the other at six in the evening by Mr. Mitchell, of Stookport. On Monday evening Mr. Aldred, of Manchester, will deliver a lecture on total-abstinence, in the the same room at eight o’clock.

BARMSLEY. — Two sermons will be preached in the Old independent Chapel, Sheffield-road, Barnsley, on Sunday, Sept. 18th, by John Fish, on the present state of the country. Service to commence in the forenoon at half-past ten o’clock, and at two in the afternoon. A collection will be made after the afternoon sermon, in aid of the Political Victim Defence Fund.