HACKNEY. — The Chartists of this locality meet every Tuesday night at eight o'clock, at Mr. Weston's Temperance Hotel, Mare-street.

HALIFAX. — Mr. B. Rushton will preach in the Charter Lecture-room, back of Swan-yard, tomorrrow at six o'clock in the evening.

ARNOLD, NOTTINGHAMSHIRE. — On Sunday next, two sermons will be preached in the Chartist Chapel, Meadow-side, Arnold, by Mr. Bean Taylor, (of Birmingham,) for tbe benefit of the Chartist Sunday School. Services to commence at half-past two in the afternoon, and at six o’clock in the evening.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. Harrison will preach on the Forest next Sunday afternoon, at half-past six o'clock, if weather permit; if not in the chapel.

CALVERTON. — Mr. Dean Taylor lectures here on Monday next, at half-past six o'clook.

CARLTON. — Mr. Dean Taylor lectures here on Tuesday next, at half-past six.

BASFORD. — Mr. Dean Taylor lectures here on Wednesday, at half-past six.

NEWARK. — Mr. Dean Taylor lectures here on Thursday, at half-past six.

MACCLESFIELD. — On Sunday evening next, Mr. Chandley will lecture on the " Evils of the Factory System,” in the Chartist Rooms, Watercoates, at half-past six o'clock. A public meeting of the members will be held on Monday evening, at half-mist seven o’clock, on business connected with Mr. O’Connor’s visit to Manchester. It is hoped all will attend.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr. Otley will lecture in the large room. Fig-Tree-lane, at seven o'clock on Sunday evening. Subject :— "The life and character or Washington."

ECCLES. — Mr. Bell of Salford, will lecture here on Monday evening.

UPPER HANLEY. — Mr. Joseph Copper, of Tunstall, will deliver two lectures on Sunday, the 19th of September, at Mr. Pepper's Association Room, Smorthern, at half-past two in the afternoon, and at six in the evening, on the necessity of union to obtain the People’s Charter.

HANLEY. — A tea-party and ball will take place on Sept. 27th, at the house of Mr. Wm. Hall, George and Bragon Inn, New-street, to commemorate the release of their consistent, indefatigable, and talented patriot, Brouterre O'Brien, from Whig torture and persecution.

SLAITHWAITE. — Mr. Thomas Vevers will lecture on Sunday next, the 19th, at three o'clock in the afternoon, at the house of Mr. Wm. Rollitt. Mount Pleasant.

Mr. Morgan’s Route for next Week. — Long Benton, Sunday the 19th, at one o'clock, p.m.; Benton-square, at four; West mo ore, on Monday, at seven in the evening; New Quay, Nerth Shields, on Tuesday, the 21st, at half past six o’clock; Market-street, South Shields, on Wednesday the 22nd, at seven o'clock p.m.; Walker Iron Works, on Thursday the 23rd, at seven o’clock; and at Mr. Hall's long room, Goat Inn, Cloth Market; Newcastle, on Friday the 24th, to celebrate the release from the Whig dungeon of that unflinching advocate of justice to the industrious classes, James Bronterre O’Brien, Esq.

HOLMFIRTH. — Mr. Edward Clayton will lecture on Sunday next, the 19th, in the National Charter Association-room, at three o'clock in the afternoon.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. Griffin will deliver a lecture in Tib-street, on Sunday morning, on the truly alarming state of the nation.

LANCASHIRE. — Mr. Richard Marsden will visit the following places, according to the dates: — Preston, Monday, Sept. 20th; Tuesday, 21st, Lancaster; Wednesday, 22ud, Ciithero; Thursday, 23rd, Bar-nowldswick; Friday, 24th, Colne ; Saturday, 25th, Acrington; Monday, 27th, Blackburn ; Tuesday, 28th, Padiham; Wednesday, 29th, Burnley; Thurs- 30th, Bacup; Friday, Oct. lst, Darwen; and Saturday, 2nd, at Chorley.

SELBY. — The delegate meeting will be held at Mr. George Woodall’s, Temperance Hotel, Andus-street. The delegates to meet at the above place on Sunday morning, as early as possible. Any Chartist wishing to send by letter, must address to the Secretary, Wm. Sutherby, shoemaker, Gowthorp.
