LONDON. — Bermondsey. —The members of this locality meet at the Ship Tavern, Long- Lane, on Monday next.

TOWER HAMLETS. — A public meeting will be he next Sunday evening, at the Carpenters'-Arms.

A lecture will be delivered at the Clock-house, Castle-street, Leicester-square, on Sunday evening, by Mr. Anderson.	

WORKING MEN'S HALL, 294 MILE END ROAD. - Mr K. K. Philp, will lecture here, on Sunday evening; Mr. Frazier on Monday, a public meeting of members and the Council on Tuesday, Mr, Anderson will lecture on Wednesday evening, Mr. Balls on Thursday evening, and on every evening during the week lectures will be delivered; a committee meeting will take place on Sunday morning ten o'clock.

A Concert and Ball for the benefit of Mrs. Ivins (the wife of one of our London victims) will take place on Wednesday, Sept, 22nd, at the splendid rooms of Mr. Heramingway, King's Arms, Mile End Road, tickets 6d. each, can be procured of Mr. Shaw, undertaker, 24, Cluster-street, Commercial-Road, East. King is now lying in Newgate,

Mr. J. Campbell, the Secretary of the Execu-iive, will lecture at the Working Mens Hall, 5, Circus-street, Marylebone, on Sunday evening, Sept. 11th, at half-past seven o’clock.

A Special General Meeting will take place on Wednesday evening, tho 14th of September, of the Hatters’ Charter Association, held at tho Brown Bear, Southwark Bridge Road, on important business. At their weekly meeting, on Wednesday night, they sent ten shillings to Feargus O'Connor, Esq., for the Victim and Defence Fund, and 7s. 6d. to the Executive.

HUDDERSFIELD. — Mr. D. Ross is to lecture at Huddersfieid, on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday evenings; at Kirkheaton, on Thursday; Almondbury on Friday; Honley, Saturday; and Holmfirth, on Sunday.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Isaac Barrow, of Bolton, preaches in the Chartist room, Yorkshire-street , on Sunday, the 18th, at half-past one, and at half-past six o’clock.

Mn Dean Taylor will visit the following places during the next fortnight: - Monday l2th, at Hull; Tuesday 13th, and Wednesday 14th, at Beverley ; Thursday 15th, at Holme ; Friday 16th and Saturday 17th, at Pocklington ; Monday the 19th, at Malton : Tuesday and Wednesday, 20th and 21st, at Scarbro'; Thursday 22nd, at Malton ; Friday 23rd, at York; Saturday 24th, at Selby, and Monday 26th at Hull.

Mr. J. H. R. Bairstow, member of the Executive will commence his services in the East and North Riding district, on Monday, the 3rd of October, at Leeds.	

STOCKTON. — The camp meeting announced before will be held here, on Sunday next, at Thornaby Green, at half-past ten o’clock in the forenoon.

WIGAN. — A public meeting will be held in the Chartist Room, Mill Gate, on Sunday evening, at seven o'clock, when it is requested that every lover of liberty will attend.

OLDHAM. — A sermon will be preached in the Chartist room, to-morrow evening, at six o'clock.

The South Lancashire Delegate Meeting will be held in the Chartist Room, Brown-street, Manchester, on Sunday, (to-morrow) when business of importance will be laid before the delegates.

Mr. Frazer of Leeds, will lecture in the following places during the ensuing week, Birstal, Saturday evening (to night); Dewsbury, Sunday (to morrow) afternoon and night; Barnsley, Monday, Sept. 12, Rotherham, Tuesday, Sept. 13, Sheffield, (Fig-tree-lane), Wednesday, Sept. 14 ; Sheffield Political Institute, Thursday, Sept, l5 ; Chesterfield, Friday, Sept. 16 ; Alfreton, Saturday, Sept. 17; Belper, Sunday, Sept. 18.

BIRSTAL. — Mr. Fraser, from Leeds, will deliver a lecture in the large room over the Co-operative Stores, on Saturday, (this evening,) at half-past seven o’clock. A collection will be made at the close of the lecture for the defence of Mr. Dew-hirst.

DEWSBURY. — Mr. Fraser, from Leeds, will deliver two lectures on Sunday, (to-morrow,) in the large Toom over the Co-operative Stores, at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six o clock in the evening. Collections will be made at the close of each lecture, towards defraying the expense attending the defence of Mr. Dewhirst. The depositions taken before the magistrates against Mr. Dewhirst, will be read at the close of each lecture.

DEWSBURY. — A general meeting of this district will be held on Sunday next, at half-past one o’clock in the afternoon, in the large room over the Co-operative Stores, Dewsbury, when all parties holding subscriptions for Dewhirst’s Defence Fund are requested to attend and hand over the same.

BARNSLEY. — A public meeting of the Chartists will be held in the School-room, under the Odd-Fellows’ Hal), on Monday evening, at seven o clock precisely, for the transaction of very important business.

LEEDS. — Mr. T. B. Smith will preaoh a sermon to-morrow evening, at half-past six o'clock, in the Chartist room, Cheapside.

Mr. Charles Connor will lecture in the Chartist room on Tuesday night, at eight o’clock. He will also lecture in the Chartist room, Holbeck, on Wednesday night, at eight o’clock.

Central Municipal Election Committee. — This committee will meet to-morrow afternoon at two o’clock, in the Room, Cheapside, where every member is earnestly requested to attend.

HOLBECK. — Mr. Wilson of Leeds, will preach a sermon in the Association room, Holbeck-bridge, on Sunday evening (to-morrow); a good attendance is earnestly incited.

HUDDERSFIELD. — A course of three lectures will be delivered in the Philosophical Hall, Ramsden-Street, by Mr David Ross, of Manchester, on the evenings of Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday next, the 12tk, 13th, and 14th days of September. Chair to be taken each evening at seven o’clock. Tickets of admission, one penny each, to be had at the room.

Mr. Ross will also lecture at Kirkheaton, on Thursday evening, the chair to be taken at half-past seven o’clock ; at Almondbury, on Friday evening, the chair to bo taken at half-past seven o’clock ; at Honley, on Saturday evening, the chair to be taken at seven o’clock ; and at the Cliffe End, on Sunday, to commence at half-past two o’clock in the after-noon.
