ROCHDALE. — Mr. Edward Clarks, of Manchester will deliver two lectures on Sunday afternoon, at half-past two o'clock, and in the evening at six, in the Association Room, top of Yorkshire-street.

HALIFAX. — Discourses will be delivered at the following places, on Sunday (to-morrow): — Mr. B Rushton will deliver two discourses in the Halifax Association Room, Pellon-lane, at two o'clock in the afternoon and six in the evening; Mr. John Snowden, at Sowerby, at six in the evening; Mr. Mirrah, at Ovenden, at six in the evening; Mr Hanson, afc Lower Warley, at two in the afternoon ; Mr. Bowden, at Siddal, at two in tbo afternoon, in the open air, weather permitting ; Mr. Greenwood, at Ripponden, at two in the afternoon ; and Mr. Clayton, at Mixenden, at two in the afternoon. Collections will be made at the close of each for the support of the families of the incarcerated victims.

BRADFORD. — The Chartists of White Abbey will meet in their room on Monday evening, at eight o’clock, to arrange for the formation of a Branch, according to the Plan of Organization adopted by the Conference.

A Public Meeting will be holden at Idle, near Bradford, on Sunday, at four o’clock in the evening, to consider the propriety of forming a Branch according to the New Plan of Organization. Mr. Thomas Ibbotson, Mr. Smyth, and several others from Bradford, will address the meeting.

The Chartists of Manningham will meet in their room on Sunday, at two o’clock in the afternoon. The New Plan as adopted by the Conference will be discussed, and the opinion of the Chartists of Manningham taken, as to the propriety of forming a branch in the locality.

The Chartists of George-street will meet in their room on Sunday morning at nine o'clock, to receive names for the formation of a branch, according to the New Plan of Organisation.

The Chartists of Little Horton will meet on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, in the School Room; to enrol members, preparatory to sending for a Charter to establish a Branch according to the Plan of Organization.

The Chartists of Bowling Back Lankt will meet in their room on Sunday, at two o’clock in the afternoon, to receive names for the forming of a Branch according to the new Plan of Organization.

The Chartists of the Central Locality will meet in the Council Room on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, to take into consideration the propriety of forming a Branch according to the Plan adopted by the Conference.

The Chartists of New Leeds will meet in their room on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, when the subject of forming a Branch according to the new Plan will be taken into consideration.

The Chartists of Daisy Hill will meet in their room on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, to receive names for the formation of a Branch according to the new plan adopted by the Conference.

LAMBETH. — A ball and concert will be held in the Chartist Hall, 115, Blackfriars-road, opposite the Riding School, on Monday evening next,

BOLTON. — A members meeting will be held in the Association Room, on Tuesday evening, September 24th, at six o’clock.

HULL. — The Rev. William Hill will lecture in the Freemasons’ Lodge, Mytongate, on Monday evening, 25th inst.; the proceeds to go to the fund for the benefit of the victims.

The members will meet in the White Hart Room, on Sunday the 24th, at seven o’clock in the evening, to take into consideration the New Plan of Organization.

Notice. — The subscribers to the Northern Star are requested on and after the 30th inst. to call for their papers at Mr. Luke Smallwood’s, 8, Sewer-Lane, to which place they will be regularly sent.

LEEDS DISTRICT. — A District Council Meeting will be holden to-morrow (Sunday) morning, at ten o’clock, in the Chartist Room, Cheapside. Any person having money for the Delegate Fund is requested to hand it over to the meeting.

LEEDS. — Mr. David Ross will deliver two lectures to-morrow (Sunday) afternoon, at half-past two o'clock, and in the evening at half-past six, in the Chartist Room, Cheapside. A collection will be mode after each lecture, for the General Viotim, Fund.

SHEFFIELD, FIG-TREE LANE. — Mr. West will lecture on Sunday evening, at half-past six o’clock ; subject, the blessings of monarchy. On Monday evening, a public meeting will be held for the purpose of enrolling new members under the New Plan of Organization. Mr. West and Mr. Evinson and others will address the meeting.

WOODHOUSE. — Mr. West and Mr. Evanson will visit Woodhouse on Sunday next, and address the people at half-past two o’clock.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. G. Harrison will preach in the Market-place on Sunday evening, the 24th inst. at six o’clock.
