NEWCASTLE. — A public tea will be given in the Music Hall, to Messrs. Williams and Binns, of Sunderland, on Thursday evening next, at seven o’clock, in commemoration of their public-spirited conduct.

STROUD. — A county delegate meeting will be held here in the association-room, on Sunday, the 3rd of October, to discuss the propriety of adopting a plan for the exchange of Sunday lecturers. The committee meet every Monday night for the enrolment of members.

HALIFAX. — A meeting will be held hore on Tuesday evening, to make arrangements for the O’Connor demonstration.

Mr. Morgan’s Route. — Spittletongues, Monday, September 27th ; Walbattle, Tuesday, 28th; Swalwell, Wednesday, 29th; Dunstan, Thursday, 30th, at six o’clock each evening ; Wellington Inn, near Kenton, on Friday, 1st October, five o’clock in the afternoon, and Mr. Hall’s Long Room, Goat Inn, Cloth Market; Newcastle, on Sunday, 3rd, at half-past six o’clock in the evening.

BRADFORD. — On Sunday, Mr. Hodgson will lecture in the Council Room, North Tavern, at six o’clock; Mr. John Arran will be at Little Horton Green, at eight o’clock: Mr. Ibbotson and Mr. Brook will lecture at Daisy Hill, at six in the evening. On Monday, Mr. Martin will lecture at Mr. Shepherd’s, Dunkirk-street, at eight o’clock in the evening.

PRESTON. — O'Brien will be at the Black Bull Inn, Triangular, on Sunday, the 26th instant, at seven o’clock in the evening.

Little Town.—Mr. Ben j. Rushtoa will preach next Sunday in the open air, if the weather will permit.

BRADFORD. — The members at New Leeds are requested to attend at their room on Sunday next, at ten o’clock in the forenoon, Mr. Alderson will preach at six in the evening at the same place.

LONDON. — Mr. Watkins will preach at 55, Old Bailey, on Sunday evening.

LAMBETH. — Mr. Ruffy Ridley will lecture at 1, China-walk, Lamboth-walk, on Tuesday next.

FINSBURY. — Mr. Wm. Balls will deliver a lecture on The No Property Qualification, and Payment of Members, and clauses of the People’s Charter, a Hunt’s Coffee House, on Monday next.

LONDON. — A public meeting of tho youths of London, will be held at 55, Old Bailey, on Friday, the 1st of October, to take into consideration the addressf of the youthsofthe different towns of Great Britain , and for the purpose of forming an association. All youths are invited to attend.

DERBYSHIRE. — Mr. Bairstow will lecture at the following places during the ensuing week:—on Monday, Sept. 27th, at Heanor; Tuesday at Ilkeston; Wednesday, at Breaston; Thursday at Melbourn; Friday at Castle Donington; and will preach at Ilkeston, on Sunday, at. 3d, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

DERBY. — A delegate meeting will be held on Sunday, October the 3rd, at the Rouse of Mr. Thomas Jackson, George Yard, Sadlergate; each district is earnestly requested to send a delegate, as there is business of great importance to lay before them.

BIRMINGHAM. — All friends of freedom at this place, are invited to attend a meeting to be held on Monday next, at half-past seven at the Domestic Coffee-house, Henrietta-street, for the purpose of forming a Chartist reading room, &c.

UPPER HANLEY. — Mr. John Richards will deliver two lectures on Sunday, the 26th of Sept, on the duty of Chartists, at Mr. Pepper's Association-room, Smallthorn, and on Wednesday, the 29th, on the prospects of the people, at the same place. There is a discussion class at Mr. J. Yates’s Temperance Hotel, every Tuesday night, at half-past seven o’clock.

Mr. Skevington will leoture in the following places during the month, and in the following order: Leeds on Monday, Sept. 27 th; Knaresbro’, Tuesday, 28th; York, Wednesday, 29th; Selby, 30th; Howden, 1st and 2nd of October; Hull, Monday, 4th; Beverley, 5th; Market-Weighton, 6th; Pocklington, 7th; York, 8th; Knaresbro’, 11th; Leeds, 12th; Selby, 13th ; Howden, 14th; Pocklington, 15th; Market-Weighton, 16th; Beverley, 18th; Hull, 19th; and Scarborough on the 20th and 21st.

MACCLESFIELD. — On Sunday evening, Mr. Chaudley will lecture in the rooms, Watercotes, at half-past six o’clock.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr, Beale will lecture on poetry, in the room, Fig-Tree-lane, on Sunday evening, at seven o’clock.

Female Chartists. -The Sheffield female Chartists are respectfully requested to meet in the Association-room, Fig-Tree-lane, on Tuesday evening, the 26th instant, at half-past seven o’clock.

NOTTINGHAM. — On Sunday next, Mr. Dean Taylor will preach on the Forest, at half-past one o’clock, and at half-past five o’clock.

Mr. Dean Taylor will lecture on Monday at Lamley, Tuesday at Nottingham, Wednesday at Arnold, and Thursday at Hyson Green, each evening at half-past six o’clock.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Clark, of Manchester, lectures on Sunday, at two o’clock; and Mr. Chas. Connor, on Tuesday, at eight o’olock.

DEWSBURY. — A district delegate meeting will be held on Sunday, Oct. 3rd, in the Association Room, at five o’olock in the afternoon.

WEST-RIDING. — A West-Riding delegate meeting mil be held on Sunday, October 3rd, in the National Charter Association Room, over the Co-operative Stores, Dewsbury, at ten o’clock in the forenoon.

HUNSLET. — Mr. Wm. Hick will preach at the Association Room, Hunslet, on Sunday evening, to commence at half-past-six o’clock.
