LONDON. — The Committee for raising funds to assist Dr. M'Douall will meet on Sunday evening at six o’olock, at the Dispatch, Bride-Lane, Fleet-street. All parties holding books are requested to attend. Parties wishing to prooure books for the above purpose, can have them by applying to the Treasurer, J. Campbell, 180, Holborn, or at the above-named meeting.

CAMBERWELL. — Mr. J. Sewell will lecture on Monday evening next at the Rose and Crown. Members are requested to attend at half-past seven o'clock precisely.

STAR COFFEE HOUSE. — Mr. Bolwell, from Bath, will lecture on Sunday evening. Subject— The Life and Character ot Robert Emmett.

The members of the Globe Field Charter locality, formerly meeting at the Hit or Miss, West-street, are requested to meet at the Crown and Anchor Tavern, Cheshire-street, Waterloo Town, on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock, when a lecturer is expected to attend, and on business of the utmost importance to the locality.

A meeting will be held on Sunday evening, at seven o'clock, at the Flora Tavern, York place, Barnsbury Park, Islington, to form a Chartist locality. Mr. Wheeler will lecture on the following Sunday.

All persons wishing to assist the Chartist movement by lecturing, &c. during the ensuing winter, are requested to attend at the Charter Coffee-house, Stretton Ground, Westminster, on Thursday evening, Sept. 29, at eight o’clock, in order to organise a plan for the above object; each person is requested to procure credentials from the locality to which he belongs.

The provisional committee meet on Wednesday evening, Sept. 28, at eight o’clock, at the Dispatch Coffee House, Bride-lane. The sub-Committee are requested to attend.

Watkin’s Testimonial Committee. — It is requested that the whole of the above committee will meet next Sunday morning, at half-past ten o’clock, at 55, Old Bailey, in order that they may settle their affairs.

Lecture. — A lecture will given on Tuesday next, at the Star Coffee House, Union-street, Borough, by Mr. Fairchild.

A general meeting will be held at the Britannia, Upper Chapman-street, St. George's Bust, on Sunday evening, the 25th inst.,, when it is requested that every member will attend. Mr. Clark will lecture on the same evening. Chair to be taken at eight o’olock.

LAMBETH YOUTHS. — A lecture will take place on Sunday afternoon, at three ; and a tea party and concert on Monday evening, at six o'clock, for the benefit of the funds. Tickets for tea and concert, 1s., for the concert only, 3d.

A special meeting of the members of the Lime house locality will be held in the school-room, Lime-house Causeway, on Tuesday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock.

TROWBRIDGE. — A county council meeting will be held in Trowbridge, on the 2nd of October.

NEWINGTON. — A lecture will be delivered by Mr. Cook, on Tuesday evening next, at the Crown and Anchor, Cross-street.

LITTLE HORTON. — A lecture will be delivered on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.

KEIGHLEY. — Mr. Benjamin Rushton, of Ovenden, near Halifax, will preach two sermons in the Working Men’s Hall, Sun-street, on Sunday next, at two o'clock in the afternoon, and at half-past five in the evening. Collections will be made at the close of each service towards the Defence Fund.

MOTTRAM. — The Council request a full attendance of members on Sunday, (to-morrow), as business of importance will be brought forward. Mr. Donovan, from Manchester, will lecture in the afternoon, at half-past two o’clock.

SUNDERLAND. — On Sunday afternoon, Mr. Williams will (weather permitting) lecture on the Moor, east side of the Railway, at half-past two o’clock. A collection will be made for the General Defence Fund.

HEBDEN BRIDGE. — Three sermons will be preached next Sunday, in the Democratic Chapel, by Mr. W. V. Jackson, from Manchester ; and collections made towards purchasing forms, desks, and books, for a Sunday school. Service to commence at half-past ten in the morning, two in the afternoon, and at six in the evening.

HALIFAX. — On Sunday evening (to-morrow), Mr. A. Hanson, of Elland, will preach in the large room, Swan Coppice, at six o’clock.

MIXENDEN STONES. — Mr. Wallace, of Halifax, will preach in the Association Room, on Sunday, (to-morrow), at two o’clock in the afternoon.

Mr. Butterly, of Halifax, will preaoh at Ripponden, on Sunday (to-morrow), at two o’clock in the afternoon ; and at Sowerby, at six o’clock in the evening.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. R. T. Morrison will give a lecture on persecution, in the Democratic Chapel, Rice-place, on Monday evening, at half-past seven, after which a subscription will be made for the defence fund.

ARNOLD. — Mr. Henry Dowman, of Nottingham, will preach two sermons in the Democratic Chapel, Meadow-side, Arnold, on Sunday, when collections will be made in aid of the Chapel funds.

KEIGHLEY DISTRICT. — The next delegate meeting of this district will be held in the Working Man’s Hall, Sun-street, Keighley, on Sunday, October 2nd, at ten o’clock in the forenoon. Each locality is requested to send a delegate.

OLDHAM. - On Sunday (to-morrow), Mr. Cooper, of Manchester, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at six o'clock in the evening.

SUTTON-IN-ASHFIELD. — Mr. Fraser, of Leeds, will lecture on Monday evening, at half-past six o’clock. A collection will be made in aid of the General Defence Fund.

YEWGREEN. — A ball will be held at the Shipwreck Inn, Yewgreen, on Tuesday next, for the benefit of the National Charter Association, when Messrs. Gledhill and Thornton, the celebrated performers on the violin and bass, will be in attendance. Admission Tickets 4d. each. Dancing to commence at seven o’clock precisely,

MASONS' ARMS, CLUB-HOUSES. — A lecture will be delivered by Mr. Edward Hurley, on Saturday (this) evening, at eight o’clock precisely.

WHITE ABBEY. — Mr. Hurley will lecture to the Chartists of this place on Monday evening, when Irishmen particularly are requested to attend.

CARLISLE. — The quarterly meeting of the Carlisle Chartists will be held in the Theatre, on Monday, October the 3rd, precisely at eight o’clock in the evening, when the quarterly accounts will be read over, and a full and minute report of the whole proceedings of the council, during the quarter, submitted to the meeting. Should any individual, or individuals, wish to prefer any charge, or charges, against any member, or members of the council, he, or they, must come forward with direct and positive evidence to prove the same ; as no charge, or charges, will be listened to on mere hear-say evidence. After the above business is gone through, a new council will be chosen, and office-bearers appointed, for the ensuing quarter.

CARLISLE. — Mr. Brophy will lecture here on Saturday the 24th, and Sunday 25th.

Mr. P. M. Brophy’s Route for the Next Week. — Hexham 27th ; Newcastle-on-Tyne 28th ; Gateshead 29th ; North Shields 30th Sept; South Shields 1st October ; Sunderland 2nd; Durham 3rd.

DEWSBURY. — A district council meeting will be held on Sunday, October 1st, in the large room over the Stores, at one o’clock in the afternoon, and it is particularly requested that persons holding money belonging to Dewhirst’s Defence Fund will forward it to the above meeting,

KIRKHEATON. — Mr. James Shaw will lecture in the Association Room, Kirkheaton, on Sunday, (to-morrow) ; chair to be taken precisely at six o’olock.

HONLEY. — Mr. William Cunningham will lecture in the Association Room, Honley, on Sunday, (tomorrow); the chair to be taken precisely at six o’olook.

HOLMFIRTH. — Mr. Edward Clayton will lecture here on Sunday, (to-morrow); the chair to be taken at six o’clock.

WEDNESBURY. — Mr. Thomason has agreed to give a course of six lectures, on the six Monday evenings in succession, beginning on Monday next, on the Repeal of the Corn Laws, and the most effectual method of obtaining it. Free discussion after each leoture. He will also preaoh two sermons on Sunday next, in the afternoon and evening, in the Association Room. .
