LONDON. — Golden Lion, Dean-street, Soho. — Mr. Preston will lecture at this locality on Sunday next (to-morrow.)

LONDON. — The members of the late National Charter Association, meeting at the Black Horse and Windmill, Fieldgate-street, are requested to meet on Sunday evening, October 1st, at eight o’clock.

SOMERS TOWN LOCALITY. — On Sunday evening next, Mr. Mantz will lecture at Mr. Duddridge’s, Bricklayer’s Arms, Tonbridge-street, New Road.

Mr. M‘Grath will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Political Institute, Turnagain Lane.

The General Council of the Tower Hamlets will meet on Sunday afternoon, at five o’clock, at the Crown and Anchor, Waterloo Town.

All persons holding tickets for the late excursion to the Nore, are requested to settle for the name on Sunday morning, at Mr. Knighton’s, 115, Blackfriar’s road.

TOWER HAMLETS. — A general meeting of the members of this locality will be held at Mr. Wm. Drake’s, the Standard of Liberty, Brick-lane, at eight o'clock on Sunday evening, Oct. 1st, to take steps to form the locality under the New Organization as soon as enrolled.

BRADFORD. — The Chartists of New Leeds have resolved to hold a public meeting on the 8th of October, when Messrs. Dewhirst, Hurley, Smyth, and others, will address the meeting, and take names to be enrolled under the new plan of organization.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday, (to-morrow,) Mr. William Dixon, of Manchester, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greave’s-street, at six o’clock in the evening.

WARWICK. — The Chartists of this locality are requested, to meet at the Saracen’s Head, Park-street, on next Sunday, Oct. 1st., at seven o’clock in the evening, to decide upon the formation of a branch under the New Plan of Organization as soon as enrolled, and to dispose of the funds in hand.

SHEFFIELD. — On Sunday evening next, Mr. West will preach the funeral sermon of James Duffy, in the Figtree-lane Room, at half-past six o’clock.

On Monday Evening, Mr. West will deliver a lecture on Labour and Capital, real and artificial to commence, at eight o’clock precisely, after which a new enrolment of members will take place.

A Ball every Tuesday evening, and an Harmonic Meeting every Saturday evening, in the above room, under the superintendence of the committee.

SUNDERLAND. — Messrs. Charlton and Dobbie will lecture on the Moor, on Sunday afternoon (to-morrow) at two o’clock.

DEWSBURY. — Mr. David Ross, of Leeds, will deliver two lectures in the large room over the Cooperative Store, on Sunday, October 1st, at two o’clock in the afternoon, and six in the evening.

HEYWOOD. — The Chartists of this place are requested to meet on Monday night next, at eight o’clock, in the Association Room, Hartley-street, for the purpose of taking into consideration the New Plan of Organization,

BURY. — Mr. William Bell, of Hey wood, will deliver a lecture on the 2nd of October, in the Garden-street lecture room, Bury, at eight o’clock in the evening.

Mr. David Ross, of Leeds, will deliver two lectures on Sunday, October 8th, at two o’clock, in the afternoon, and at six in the evening, in the above room.

Mr, Doyle’s Route for the ensuing week:—Mansfield, Monday j Sut.ton-in-Aslifield, Tuesday; Skegby, Wednesday; aud Silston on Thursday.

BIRMINGHAM. — A lecture is delivered in the Peck-lane Room, every Sunday evening at seven o’clock precisely.

STOCKPORT. — On Sunday next, Mr. Jeremiah Lane of Manchester, will lecture here at six o’clock in the evening.

MOSSLEY. — Mr. David Ross, of Leeds, will deliver a lecture in the Association Room, on Wednesday, October 4th. Subject, “Local and National Reform.” Admission, one penny.

MACCLESFIELD. — A tea-party will be holden in the Chartist Room, Stanley-street, on Tuesday next, at five o’clock in the evening, for the benefit of Mr. Samuel Bentole, who is now suffering for advocating the rights of the toiling millions in August, 1842, and will shortly be liberated.

HALIFAX. — The Chartists of this place will meet in their room, Pellon Lane, on Sunday (to-morrow), at two o’clock in the afternoon, for the purpose of reading and explaining the New Plan of Organization. in the evening, at six o’clock, a lecture will be delivered by Mr. Hanson.

COVENTRY. — The members and friends are requested to meet in the Association Room, on Monday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock, to arrange for the formation of a branch, in accordance with the New Organization.

HOLLINWOOD. — Mr. Thomas Clark, of Stockport, will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Room, Pew Nook, on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.

On Monday Evening next, Mr. Ambrose Hurst, of Waterhead Mill, near Oldham, will deliver a lecture in the above room, on the subject of total abstinence.

On Monday Evening, Oct. 9th, a public supper will be holden in the Chartist Room, Pew Nook, Hollinwood, in honour of the liberation of Mr. Joseph Hicchen, who was sentenced to twelve months’ imprisonment in Kirkdale Gaol. Tickers, males 8d., females 6d., each, may be had of Messrs. Thomas Stott, John Taylor, sen., James Taylor, Robort Whitehead, and Thomas Dyson. Supper on the table at eight o’clock.

HONLEY. — A general meeting of the Chartfsts of the Huddersfield district will be holden on Sunday, the 8th of October, in the Chartist Room, Honley, on matters of the greatest importance to the Char-tist body. Chair to be taken at two o’clock in the afternoon.	

HUDDERSFIELD. — On Monday-evening next, the 2nd October, a lecture will be delivered in the Guildhall, Huddersfield, by Mr. David Ross. Subject— “ Local and National Reform.” Chair to be taken at eight o’clock.

NEWCASTLE. — Mr. Dickinson, of Manchester, will lecture at Walker’s factory, on Saturday evening at six o’clock; and, on Sunday, in the Forth, Newcastle, at two o’clook in the afternoon, he will preach a sermon on “ Baalam and the ass” and, in the Chartist Hall, Goat Inn, Cloth Market, at seven o’clock in the evening. Subject—“The oneness of true Religion and Chartism.”	

The South Lancashire Delegate Meeting will be held in the Council room, 43, Garret-road, under the Carpenters’ Hail, Manchester, on Sunday, (tomorrow), at one o’clock in the afternoon. It is requested that those places who have not paid their quota of the expences for sending the delegates to the Birmingham Conference, will bring the same to the delegate meeting. 

ROCHDALE. — Mr. James Mills, of Whitworth, will deliver two lectures in the Chartist Association Room, Top of Yorkshire-street, on Sunday next, at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six in the evening.
