LONDON. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Flood Tea Gardens, York-place, Barnesbury Park ; and on Tuesday evening, at the " Star” Coffee House, Union-street Borough.

MILE END ROAD. — Mr. Ruffy Ridley will lecture; on Sunday evening, at the Chartist Hall.

WALWORTH. — A discussion will take place here next Monday evening : subject —What is the effect of the present organization of society upon the character of man? All the members are earnestly requested to attend and bring as many with them as possible.

MARYLEBONE. - Mr. Bairstow will lecture at the Workingmen's Hall, No. 5, Circus-street, on Sunday evening next, at half-past seven o'clock.

CAMBERWELL. — Mr. Sewell will lecture at the Rose and Crown on Monday evening next. Chair taken at eight o’clock.

NEW ROAD. — A Concert and other Entertainments will take place at the Mechanics’ Institution, Circus-street, New Road, on Friday, Oct. 7th, to aid Mr. Samuel Mundin. Tickets, 6d. each, to be had at the Bar of the Tavern; at the various Chartist localities, and at the Working Men's Hall, 5, Circus Street. The proceeds of tho evening will be presented to Mr. Mundin as a tribute of respect, a partial recompence for his imprisonment; and to defray the expenses attending his trial.

A public meeting will be held at the Chartist Ball, 194 Mile End Road,on Tuesday evening, to elect delegates to the Metropolitan delegate meeting, held at 55, Old Bailey.

WORKING MEN'S HALL, NO. 5, CIRCUS-STREET, NEW ROAD. —The Committee of the above Hall inform their friends that they intend to have a plain and fancy dress ball and concert in aid of their funds, on Monday evening next.

SOUTHWARK. — A public meeting will take place on Sunday evening, at eight o’clock, at Mr. Roche’s, Red Lion Mass, Tooley-street, for the Repeal of tho Union. Messrs. John William O’Connell, Curren, Cullen, White, Trimble, Jeanes, and others will be present. An Englishman in the chair.

The Observation Committee of the London delegate meeting will assemble on Thursday evening, at the Charter Coffee House, Stretton Ground, when all persons desirous of assisting the cause by lecturing, &c., during the ensuing winter season are requested to attend, that a plan for that purpose may be arranged.

A Concert for the benefit of the Political Victims, will be held on Wednesday evening, at the Cheshire Cheese, Philip’s Buildings, Somers Town ; chair to be token at half-past seven o’clock. Admission twopence.

TOWER HAMLETS. — Notice.—The committee for the benefit of Mrs. Sadler and the Victim Fund will meet on Sunday evening next, at Mr. Drake's, Carpenters' Arms, Brick-lane, Spitalfields, precisely at six o'clock, wuen a full attendance is earnestly requested.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. Dean Taylor will preach two sermons on Sunday in the Carpenters' Hall. Service to commence at half past two in the afternoon, and at half-past six in the evening. Collections will be made to meet current expences of the Hail.

The monthly meeting of the members will take place in the above Hall, at ten o’clock in the forenoon, of the same day.

Mr. Thos. Fraser’s Route. — Leicester, Sunday, 2nd October; Nuneaton, Monday, 3rd October; Coventry, Tuesday 4th; Leamington, Wednesday, 5th; Warwick, Thursday, 6th; Henley-in-Arden, Friday, 7th ; Birmingham, Steelhouse-lane, Sunday, 5th, and Monday the 10th of October. Mr. Fraser is open to engagements from the Chartist body in any of the above or other places.

STOCKPORT. — Mr. James Leach, of Manchester, will lecture at Stockport on Sunday next, at six o’clock.

SHEFFIELD. — Fig Tree-lane.—Mr. Geo, Evison will lecture on Sunday evening (to-morrow) at seven o’clock.

Mr. Samuel Parkes will deliver a second lecture on the means to make the People’s Charter the law of the land, on Monday evening, at half-past seven o’clock.

Letters from Mr. Harney, who will attend the trials at Stafford, will be read at tho meetings to be held in Fig Tree-lane Room during the week.

NEWCASTLE. — William K. Robson will preach a sermon in the Chartists' Hall, Goat Inn, Cloth Market, on Sunday evening, at seven o’clock.

OVENDEN. — Mr. Wallace, of Halifax, will preach in the Association Room, Ovenden, on Sunday, (tomorrow,) at two o’clock in the afternoon.

MIXENDEN STONES. — Mr. Butterley, of Halifax, will preach here on Sunday, (tomorrow,) at two o’clock in the afternoon.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Pontefract, of Saddleworth, will lecture in the Association Room, Yorkshire-street, at half-past two in the afternoon, and at six in the evening.

BARNSLEY. — Mr. Dickinson, the Manchester packer, will lecture in the School Room, under the Odd Fellows Hall, on Monday evening, at seven o’clock.

BOLTON. — Mr. Isaac Barrow will deliver a lecture on the nation’s curse, in the Association Room, Howell Croft, on Sunday, at six o’clock.

HALIFAX. — Mr. B. Rushton will preach in the large room, Swan Coppice, on Sunday, (tomorrow,) at six o’clock in the evening.

LITTLE GOMERSAL. — Mr. T. B. Smith will preach here on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock.

LITTLE TOWN. — Mr. T. B. Smith will preach on Sunday afternoon and evening.

BIRSTAL. — Mr. T. B. Smith will visit the friends at Birstal this evening (Saturday).

EAST AND NORTH RIDING. — Mr. J. H. R. Bairstow will commence his tour of agitation in the East and North Riding district, on Monday next, on which day and Tuesday he will lecture at Leeds ; on Wednesday and Thursday at Selby ; and will preach in the Chartist Room, York, on Sunday evening. to commence at half-past six o'clock. It is particularly requestedd that each locality will endeavour to have in-door meetings. Mr. Bairstow being under bail to keep the peace for twelve months.

THURSTONLAND. - Mr. J. Shaw will lecture here on Sunday (to-morrow). Chari to be taken at six o'clock precisely.

KIRKHEATON.  - Mr. William Cunningham will lecture here on Sunday (to-morrow). Chair to be taken at six o'clock.

HOLMFIRTH. - Mr. Edw Clayton will lecture here on Sunday (to-morrow). Chari to be taken at six o'clock.

DEWSBURY DISTRICT. - There will be a district delegate meeting on Sunday next, in the Large Room over the Co-operative Stores, Dewsbury, at two o'clock in the afternoon, when delegates from all parts of the district are requested to attend. 
