SKEGBY, NOTTINGHAMSHIRE. — Mr. Simmons will deliver a lecture on Monday, October 11th, at five o'clock in the evening, on the state of the nation, and the imperishable principles of the People's Charter.	

HANLEY. — Mr. Joseph Capper will preach two sermons on Sunday next, October 10th, at two o’clock in the afternoon, and six o’clock in the evening, at the house of Mr. Thomas Mayers, Chell-street, Upper Hanley.

NOTTINGHAMSHIRE. — Mr. Dean Taylor’s route for the ensuing week - Sunday, Oct. 10, at two o’clock in the afternoon and six in the evening, in the Democratic Chapel Rice-place, Nottingham ; on Monday evening, at eight o’clock, he again lectures in the same place. On Tuesday, at Beeston ; Wednesday, at New Lenton; and Thursday, at Radford ; each evening at six o’clock.. The friends at the above places are requested to make this as public as possible.

Men of LONDON ! — For the benefit of a poor Chartist who has been robbed of a large sum of money, a rsffle will take place, at threepence per member, for a beautiful picture of Robert Emmett, the Irish patriot, on Wednesday evening next, at eight o’clock, at Mr, Roche’s, Red Lion, Maize, Tooley-street, near London Bridge. Tickets can be had at the City of London Charter Association Room, 55, Old Bailey.

LAMBETH. — Mr. Stallwood will lecture on Tuesday next, the 12th October.

HACKNEY. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture here on Tuesday evening, the 12th of October.

CHELSEA. — Mr. Stallwood will lecture next Monday, and Mr. Wheeler on the ensuing Sunday. 

LONDON. — A grand concert will be given in the Mechanics’ Institution, Circus-street, New-road, on Wednesday, October 18th, in aid of the Masons’ Fund. Singing, dancing, and a variety of entertainments. Tickets, 6d, each, to be had of the committee at their several residences.

LAMBETH. — Mr. Watkins will lecture at the Chartist Hall, 1, China Walk, Lambeth, on Sunday evening. A concert will be held on Monday evening. Mr. Stallwood will lecture on Tuesday next.

BERMONDSEY. — Mr. R. Wild will lecture to the Bermondsey Chartists on next Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock precisely.

BRADFORD. — Mr. Ibbetson and Brook will lecture at the North Tavern, on Sunday next, at six o’clock in the evening.

	Mr. Martin and Mr. Tenning will lecture at Whiteabbey, on Monday next, at eight o’clock in the evening.

	Mr. Joseph Alderson and Mr. Flynn will lecture at the Association-room, Bowling, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock.

	Mr. Dewhirst and Mr. Edmonson will lecture at the Three Pigeons, Middleton-fields, on Monday next, at eight o'clock in the evening.

	The Female Chartists are requested to attend at the North Tavern, Wapping, on Sunday next, at six o’clock, as business of importance will be laid before them.

DERBYSHIRE. — Mr. Bairstow’s route for the ensuing week ; he will lecture at the following places, at seven o’clock each evening:— at Belper, on Monday, October the llth; Alfreton, on the 12th; Swanwick, on the 13th; Holbrook on the 14th; Duffield, on the 15th; Millford, on the 16th, and will preach iu the Balper Market-place, at half-past two o’clock on Sunday afternoon.

OLDHAM. — Two lectures will be delivered here on Monday and Tuesday next, at eight o’clock each evening, by Bronterre O'Brien.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. W. J. Osborne will lecture on Sunday next, Oct. 10th, at the Working Men’s Hall, Circus-street, at half-past seven o'clock in the evening.

RIPPONDEN. — Mr. Joseph Newsome and Mr. Joseph Bray, will be at Ripponden, on Sunday next, the 10th, and will lecture in the morning at ten, and in the afternoon at two o'clock, in the Association-room.

TOWER HAMLETS. — A public meeting of the Chartists of this locality, will be held on Sunday evening next, Oct. 10th, at half-past seven o clock, at the Carpenters Arms, 171 Brick lane, to take into consideration tho propriety of changing their place of meeting, their present meeting room being much too small.

Mr. Morgan's route for next week:— Percy main, Monday evening, at half-past six o'clock; North Shields. New Quay, on Tuesday evening, at half-past six, Seghill, on Wednesday evening at half-past six; Cramlington, on Thursday evening, at half-past six; and at Walker’s Iron Works, on Friday evening, at half-past six.

NEWCASTLE. — There will be a delegate meeting for tho Southern district of Northumberland and the Northern district of the county of Durham, in the Chartists’ council room, Goat Inn, Cloth Market, Newcastle, on Sunday, the 10th instant, at twelve o’clock at noon. There will, likewise, bo a sermon preached in the same room, at six o’clock in the evening of the same day.

LONDON. — On Sunday evening next there will be a meeting at 55, Old Bailey, to adopt the best means of getting up a festival for the benefit of Mr. Carrier. All who admire the principle of this much suffering man are invited to attend.

HUNSLET. — Mr. Stansfield, of Armley, will preach in the Chartist Association Room, Hunslet, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock.

POTTERIES. — Mr. Linney will lecture in Macclesfield on Monday, the 11th instant; in Congleton, on Tuesday, the 12th; in Hanley, Staffordshire Potteries, on Wednesday, the 13th; and in the other towns in the Potteries on the ensuing nights, for tho express purpose of extending the Association.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. O’Brien will deliver two addresses in the Hall of Science, Camp Field, Manchester, on Thursday next, October 10th, one in the "afternoon at half-past two oclock, and in the evening at half past six.

Notice.— The friends at Heckmondwike, Little Town, and Batley, are requested to pay particular attention to tho following announcements - 

HECKMONDWIKE. — On Saturday evening, Oct. 16, a public meeting will be held to petition Parliament for an inquiry into the silent system in the prisons of the United Kingdom, chair to be taken at seven o’clock. Mr. T. B. Smith, from Leeds, will attend.

LITTLE TOWN. — On Sunday, Oct, 17, Mr. Smith will preach three sermons in a large room opposite the church, at half-past ten, half-past two, at six o’clock.

BATLEY. — A public meeting to petition against the silent system will be hold on -Monday evening, Oct. 18, at seven o’clock in tho evening. Mr. Smith will attend.

BIRSTAL. — Mr. Smith will lecture on the benefits of education, and on mutual love, on Tuesday evening, Oct. 19.

CHURWELL. — On Wednesday evening, Oct. 20th, Mr. Smith will preach on the advantages of co-operation, after which a public meeting will bo held to petition against the silent system.

HUNSLET. — On Tuesday evening, Oct. 12, Mr. Smith will lecture on the benefits of Joint Stock Stores, and the best means of establishing them.