THURSTONLAND. — Mr. T. Vickerman, a young man from Hanley, will lecture here on Sunday, the sixth of Oct., in the open air, weather permitting, to commence at six o'clock.

Mr. Gammage, of Northampton, will lecture at the following places: — Birmingham, Aston-street, on Sunday, to-morrow, evening, October 9th ; Kidderminster, Monday, 10 th ; Worcester, Tuesday llth; Cheltenham, Wednesday 12th; Gloucester, Thursday 13th ; Bristol, Sunday 16th.

LONDON. — Mr. Ruffy Ridley will lecture on Tuesday evening, at Deptford.

Mr. Davoc will lecture on Sunday evening at the Flora Tavern, York Place. Barnsbury-place, Islington.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Farrer will lecture at the Working Men's Hall, Circus-street, New-road, on Sunday evening, Oct. 9th, at half-past seven o clock.

On Monday next a public meeting, convened by the City Chartists, will be held in the Hall of the National Association, 242A, High Holborn, to take into consideration the best organs of defending and supporting the political victims. The chair will be taken at eight o'clock.

On Tuesday evening a concert will be held in the Hall of the Institute, 55, Old Bailey, in aid of the funds of the N.C.A. Tickets, threepence each.

On Sunday next a lecture will be delivered by Mr. Armstrong Walton, at 55, Old Bailey, at seven o'clock in the evening.

TOWER HAMLETS. — The members meeting at the Carpenters' Arms, Brick-lane, are requested to attend on important business, next Sunday evening, at nine o'clock.

Mr. M‘Grath will deliver a lecture next Sunday evening, at eight o'clock, at tho Carpenters' Arms, Brick-lane.

Delegate Committee. — A class for reading, being the second class, will be formed next Sunday morning, at ten o'clock, at the Delegate Committee Rooms, 24, Hunt Street.

SOUTHWARK. — Mr. John Roberts will address the men of Southwark, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock, at the Working Man’s Church.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr. Sutton will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Room, Fig-tree-lane, on Sunday evening (to morrow) to commence at at half-past seven o clock.

Lecture. — On Monday evening Mr. Edwin Gill will deliver a lecture in the above room, to commence at eight o'clock.

On Tuesday a meeting of the members will be held when all are requested to attend.

BRADFORD, YORKSHIRE. — Mason’s Arms, Clubhouses. —The Chartists connected with this locality are respectfully invited to attend, on Saturday, (this day) an business of great importance is to be transacted, at half-past seven o'clock in the evening.

BRADFORD. — The Chanists of Manchestor-road are requested to meet on Sunday, at six o clock in the evening, at Mrs. Hill’s, on business of importance.

Mr. Hurley will lecture at Little Horton, on Sunday evening at six o’clock.

The Chartists of Bowling meet every Sunday morning at ten o'clock.

A meeting of the Chartists of Crossley Hall will be held on Sunday, at two o’clock.

A lecture will be delivered at Manningham, on Sunday next at two o'clock.

A lecture will be delivered at White Abbey, on Monday evening at eight o'clock.

HEYWOOD. — A public meeting of the Chartists of this place will be held on Sunday (to-morrow) in the Association Room, Hartley-street, when a full attendance is requested.

MEXBRO' DISTRICT. — A delegate meeting will be held at Mexbro', on Sunday, Oct. 16th, at half-past ten o’clock in the morning, at the Cross Keys puoiic-house, New Mexbro'.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Heywood, of Heywood, will preach two sermons in the Association Room, Yorkshire-street, on Sunday, at half-past two in the afternoon, and six in the evening ; and on Tuesday, Mr. Bell, of the same place, will lecture in the above room, at eight o'clock precisely.

EAST AND NORTH RIDING. — Mr. Robinson, a gentleman in every respect worthy the notice of the Chartists of this district, will take a tour of agnation for a short time, to supply Mr. Bairstow’s place Mr. Robinson will lecture at Hull on Monday next; Beverley, on Tuesday: Holme, on Wednesday; Pocklington, on Thursday and Friday.

DERBY. — There will be a Delegate Meeting on next Sundav at ten o'clock in the morning at the Chartist Room, Willow-row, to devise means for defending the incarcerated Chartists. Delegates are expected from all the localities in the county.

SUNDERLAND. — On Tuesday evening, Messrs. Williams, Chappie, and Taylor will address the Sunderland Chartists, in the Arcade Room.

HONLEY. — Mr. Shaw will lecture hero on Sunday, (to-morrow,) to commence at six o’clock in tho evening.

KIRKHEATON. — Mr. Edward Clayton will lecture in the Association Room, to commence at six o’clock in the evening.

SOUTH SHIELDS. — Mr. P. M. Brophy will lecture here on Monday, the 19th of October, at seven o'clock in tho evening.

SUNDERLAND. - Mr. P. M. Brophy will lecture here on Tuesday, the llth of October.

Mr P. M. Brophy's Route for the ensuing fortnight: — Thornley, Wednesday the 12th; Wingate, the 13th ; Durham, Friday the 14th ; Bishop Auckland, Saturday the 15th ; Stockton, Sunday the 16th ; Darlington, Monday the 17th ; Northallerton, Tuesday the 18th ; Thirsk, Wednesday the 19th ; York Thursday the 20 th; Market Weighton, Friday the 21st; Beverley, Saturday the 22nd ; Hull , Monday the 24th ; Gainsborough, Tuesday and Wednesday, the 25th and 26th; Newark, Thursday and Friday, the 27th and 28th ; Nottingham, the 29th and 30th; and Arnold, Monday, October the 30th.

HEBDEN BRIDGE. - A ball will be held in the Democratic Chapel, at the above place, on Friday, the 14th inst., to commence at six o’olock in the evening.

LEEDS DISTRICT. — A delegate meeting of this district will be held to-morrow morning, at ten o'clock, in the room, Cheapside. Every place in the district are earnestly requested to send delegates, as business of great importance will be brought forward.

LEEDS. - The Municipal Election Committee will meet to-morrow afternoon, at two o' clock, in the room, Cheapside. Every member of it is requested to attend.	

Mr. Dean Taylor will preach in the side, to-morrow evening, at half-past six o'clock.

ARMLEY. — A lecture will be delivered here on Monday night, to commence at half-past seven o’clock.
