MR. O’CONNOR'S TOUR. - On Saturday, (this evening), Mr. O'Connor will address the people of Salford at eight o’clock precisely. On Sunday, (to-morrow,) ho will address the people of Manchester, in the Carpenters’ Hall, to aid in the preparations for the reception of the glorious Duncombe on the 9th. On Tuesday, the 10th, he will address the men of Huddersfield ; on the 11h, the men of Bradford; on the 12th, the men of Halifax; and on the 14th, he will be at Newcastle, to aid in the preparations to receive Duncombe on the 21st. During his stay at Newcastle he will address the men of Sunderland, South Shields, and such other localities as the committee shall decide upon. On the 25th, he will be in Aberdeen to aid in preparing for the grand Duncombe demonstration, on the 26th. On the 27th, Mr. O’Connor will address the Chartists of Aberdeen. On the 29th, he will be in Glasgow, there to aid in preparing for the reception of Buncombe on the 30th, Throughout this tour Mr. O’Connor will be provided with lists,and will remain to any hour after each meeting that is necessary for the enrolment of names for member. When his work in Scotland is done, he will return by Liverpool, where he will address the Chartists of that town; and then take his place at the Executive Board to aid in making the New Organization as perfect, as possible.

Mr. O’Connor has again to say that he will not be answerable for any funds that are not sent by post-office order made payable to himself, and addressed to Feargns O'Connor, care of “John Cleave, No. 1, Shoe-lane, Fleet-street, London.” He will not have double entries and complicated accounts; one at the Northern Star Office, and the other in London.

LONDON. — A general meetiug of the Chartists and their friends meeting at the Crown and Anchor, Cheshire-street, Waterloo Town, will be held next Sunday evening at the above place, at eight o’clock.

The Class Collectors are called upon to request the attendance of every member to take into consideration the propriety of applying for a Charter under the New Organizations and to bring an account of the number of cards that will be wanting for the enrolment of members under the New Plan.

MARYLEBONE. - Mechanics’ Institution, Circus-street, New Road, at half past seven o’clock.

CITY OF LONDON INSTITUTION. — Mr. Davoc will lecture here on Sunday evening.

METROPOLITAN DELEGATE MEETING. - The whole of the delegates to the above body are requested to meet on Sunday afternoon, at the City of London Institution, to take steps for the Re-organization of the Metropolis.	

LAMBETH. — The Chartists residing m Lambeth and its vicinity will meet in their Hall, 115, Blackfriar’s-road, on Monday evening, the 9th instant, at eight o’clock, to consider the propriety of applying for a charter of enrolment under the amended Plan of Organization, when it is expected that the late attempt of the Government to outlaw the people will stimulate the men of Surrey to do their duty and ensure a numerous attendance. —The shareholders of this hall meet every Sunday evening, at six o’clock ; and the committee every Monday, Wednesday, and. Friday, till farther notice.

An Harmonic Meeting will be held in the Feathers, Warren-street, Tottenham Court Road, on Monday, October 9th, 1843, at eight o’clock, the proceeds to be given to the widow of the martyr, James Duffy.	

A Lecture will be delivered at Mr. Duddridge's, Bricklayer’s Arms, Tonbridge-street, New Road, Somers Town, on Sunday next.

The Members of the City Society of Boot and Shoemakers are requested to attend at the Cannon Coffee House, Old-street, Saint Luke’s, on Sunday morning, at eleven o'clock.

The Members of the South London Society who have lately met at the South London Hall of Science, late Rotunda, Blackfriar’s-road, are requested to meet at their New Hall, 115, Blackfriar’s-road, on Monday evening, October 9th, at seven o’clock.

LEICESTER. — Next Sunday evening, at six o’clock, Mr. Bairstow will deliver a lecture on the New Plan of Organization.

Mr. D. Ross will lecture in the Temperance Hall, Rochdale, and Friday and Saturday, October the 6th and 7th.

KEIGHLEY. — The next delegate meeting of this district will be holden in the Working Man’s Hall, on Sunday, Oct. 15th, at ten o’clock in the forenoon. All places in the district that are wishful to form branches under the New Organization are requested to send a delegate, as arrangements will be made at the meeting for that purpose.	

NORWICH. — A public lecture will be held at the Chartist Rooms, Asborne’s-building, on Sunday, October 8th, at seven o’clock in the evening, upon the subject of Chartism, Free Trade, and Complete Suffrage; and on Monday evening, Oct. 9th, the quarterly general meeting of the members will be held, when a balance sheet of the income and expenditure of the old Association will be laid before the meeting, and Btepa taken to open a branch of the New Association.

The Chartists of Norwich intend holding an amusement party for the benefit of Dr. P. M. M'Douall, on the evening of Tuesday, Oct. 17th, Tickets to be had of Mr. Hurry, Gilden-gate-street ; Mr. Gifford, Magdalen-street; Mr. Debbage, Lord Camden-yard ; and of Mr. G. Bell, News Agent, St. Edmunds.

MANSFIELD. — The Rev. Wm. Linwood will deliver a lecture on Wednesday night, Oct. 11th, for the benefit of the Victim Fund, in the School Room belonging to the Old Meeting House, Stockwell-gate, Subject— " Political Persecution.” Admission, one halfpenny each.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. William Bell, of Heywood, will deliver two lectures on Sunday (to-morrow), in the Chartist Association Room, top of Yorkshire-street in the afternoon at half-past two o’clock, and in the evening at six.

MIDDLETON. — The Chartists of Middleton and its vicinity are requested to attend at their room, Market-street, on Wednesday evening, Oct. 11th, to consider tho New Plau of Organization.

Mr. Ross will lecture at the following plains, on his farewell visit through North Lancashire : - Chorley, Oct. 9th ; Preston, the 10th ; Blackburn, the 11th ; Clitheroe, the 12th, 13th, 14th, and l5th; Sabden, the l6th ; Padiham, the 17th; Colne, the 18th ; Burnley, the 19th ; and at Bacup, on the 20th.

The North Lancashire Delegate Meeting will be held in the Social Institute, Padiham, on Sunday (to-morrow), at eleven o’clock in the forenoon precisely.

BURY. — Mr. David Ross, of Leeds, will deliver two lectures in the Garden-street lecture room, on Sunday next, at two o’clock in the afternoon, and as six in the evening. A collection will be made after each lecture to defray tho rent of the room.

SHEFFIELD. — On Sunday evening a lecture will be delivered in the Fig Tree-lane Room, to commence at half-past eight o’clock.

On Monday evening there will be a public meeting. Messrs. Evinson, Royston, Green and Hall will address the meeting.

WOODHOUSE. — On Monday evening Mr. West will deliver a lecture at Woodhouse, and open a list for the enrolment of members.

A Public Ball is held every Tuesday evening, and an harmonic meeting every Saturday evening in the Fig Tree-lane Room, under the superintendance of the committee.

BRADFORD. — A Camp meeting will be holden at New Leeds, on Sunday, at two o’clock in tiie afternoon. Messrs. Dewhirst, Alderson, and Ibbotson, will address the meeting. The secretary will be in attendance to take names for enrolment under the New Plan, both for the Charter and the Land Funds.

The Chartists of Little Horton will meet in the School Room, Park-place, on Sunday morning at nine o’clock, when the ballot will take place for the auditors and delegate, according to the New Plan of Organization.

Soiree. - A soiree, in honour of Mr. J. H. Dewhirst, will be holden on Monday next, in the large room, Butterworth Buildings ; to commence at eight o'clock in the evening. Admission—males. 3d; females, 1d. A quadrille band will be engaged for the occasion.

MANNINGHAM. - The Chartists of Manningham will meet in their room at nine o’clock to-morrow (Sunday) morning, when they will make arrangements for the election of officers according to the New Plan of Organization.

The Chartists of the Central Locality will meet to-morrow (Sunday) morning, at nine o’clock, to arrange for the formation of a branch, and to nominate officers according to the New Plan of Organisation.

LIVERPOOL. — A soiree and ball will take place in the Nelson Assembly Rooms, Lord Nelson-street, on Tuesday, October 10th, in honour of Mr. William Jones, who was liberated from Leicester gaol on the 21st of September. Tea on the table at seven o’clock. Double tickets, 2s. 3d.; single tickets, 1s. 3d., may be had of Mr. Goodfellow, Temperance Hotel, Tarleton-street.

SUNDERLAND. — Mr. Dickinson, of Manchester, will preach a sermon on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, on the Moor; in the afternoon at two o’clock, at the New Town, close to the Railway; and in the evening, in the Chartist Room, Clark’s passage, opposite Robinson’s lane, High-street, at seven o’clock. On Monday evening, at eight o’clock, in the Chartist Room. Mr. Dickenson will lecture on “ the Power of the People.”

BATH. — Mr. Charles Bolwell, late of London, will lecture at the Rooms of the Association, Galloway's Buildings, on Monday evening next, at eight o'clock. Subject - " The necessity of Organisation."
