BIRMINGHAM. — Mr. G. White will deliver a lecture at the the Domestic Coffee House, Henrietta-street, on Thursday evening next, at half-past seven.

WHITECHAPEL, LONDON. — A grand ball will be given in aid of the County Council funds, in the Social Institution, 81, High-street, Whitechapel, on Tuesday evening. Tickets, sixpence each, may be had of the Committee, and of Mr. Drake, Charter Coffee House, 166, Brick-lane; Mr, Hover, 2, Green-street, Bethnal-green ; Mr. Fox,: 3, North-street, Whitechapel-road ; Mr. House, 3, Little Turner-street, Commercial-road; Mr. Fmnett, 24, Hunt-Btreet, Mile End, New Town ; Mr. Newley, 12, White-street, Bethnal Green Road ; and at the Social Institution.

HARTLEPOOL. — A public meeting will be held here on Monday next, for the purpose of propagating the principles of Chartism. Delegates from Middlesbro and Stockton will address the meeting on the above subject. All classes who take an interest in the well-being of the country are requested to attend.

LEEDS. — Mr. Duffy will preach in Cheapside tomorrow evening.

HUNSLET. — Mr. T. B. Smith will preach at the Association Room, Hunslet, on Sunday evening, at the usual time. Mr. Duffy will lecture on Tuesday evening, to commence at eight o’clock.

UPPER WORTLEY. — Messrs. Hick and Parker will preach out of doors, at Upper Wortley, on Sunday afternoon and evening, if the weather be fine.

DEWSBURY. — Mr. Duffy will lecture at Dewsbury, in the Market-place, on Wednesday evening, at eight o'clock.	

LONDON. — A concert is to be held in the Association-rooms, Hit or Miss Tavern, 19, West-street, Globe-fields, on Monday evening, Oct. 11th, towards defraying the expences attending the public meeting held in London, to welcome Feargus O’Connor on his liberation from York Castle; tickets threepence each. It is hoped also that all members will be careful to attend the meeting at the above rooms to-morrow night, as business of importance is to be discussed.

LONDON. — Mr. Balls will preach next Sunday evening, in the Institute, £5, Old Bailey; and Mr. Wm. Carrier, the following Sunday. To commence at seven o’clock.

FINSBURY. — A general meeting for the nomination of the General Council, and election of a local committee for the borough of Finsbury district, will take place on Monday evening next, at Hunt’s Coffee House, Clerkenwell Green. The indefatigable and zealous old Radical proprietor of these rooms ought to be patronised by the Radicals of the neighbourhood.

BRADFORD. — Messrs. Edmonson, Dewhurst, and Warriner will lecture at the Delph Hole, Little Horton, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock, on the principles of the People’s Charter.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. G. Watkins will lecture at the Working Men’s Hall, Circus-street, New Road, Marylebone, on Sunday evening, at half-past seven o’clock.

LEEDS. - The Leeds Demonstration Committee are particularly requested to meet in the Association Room, Shambles, on Sunday morning next, at ten o’clock, for the purpose of auditing the treasurer’s accounts, and finally settling the Committee’s business.

LIDGET GREEN. — Mr. Joseph Alderson will preach at Lidget Green, on Sunday evening at six o’clock.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr. Julian Harney will lecture in the Large Room, Fig Tree Lane, on Sunday evening, at seven o’clock.—Subject, “ The crimes and horrors of war ”

LAMBETH. — Mr. Fussell will lecture at the Feathers, Warren-street, Fitzroy Square, ou Sunday next.

TOWER HAMLETS. — A ball and concert will be given at the Social Hall, Whitechapel, on Tuesday next, for the purpose of augmenting the funds of the County Council.

BRADFORD. — On Monday next, Mr. Martin and Mr. Jennings will lecture at Bradford Moor, at eight o’clock in the evening.

	Mr. Alderson will lecture on Sunday evening, at six o’clock, in the Council Room, North Tavern, North-street.

	Mr. Martin, will lecture at Bradford Moor, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock.

DELPH HOLE. —  Mr. Smyth will lecture at Delph Hole, on Monday next, at eight o’clock in the evening.

IDLE. — Mr. John Arran will lecture at Idle, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock. The Chartists of Idle are requested to make it as public as possible. Mr. Edwards will also lecture at the same place.

	The Council in Bradford are requested to attend at six o’clock in the evening, as business of importance will be brought before them.

PADDOCK.  — Mr. William Cunningham will lecture on Sunday next, the 3rd of October, at the Temperance Hotel, Paddock, at three o’clock in the afternoon.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. James Shaw, of Huddersfield, will lecture at Rochdale, on Sunday next, the 3rd day of October, at three o’clock in the afternoon, for the benefit of the Stockport unemployed operatives.

MILNROW. — Mr, Edward Clayton, of Huddersfield, will lecture at Milnrow, on Sunday next, the 3rd day of October, at three o’clock in the afternoon, for the benefit of the Stockport unemployed operatives.

Mr. Morgan’s Route. — Mr. Morgan will preach a sermon ou Sunday the 3rd. inst., at six o’clock in the evening, in the Goat Inn long room, Cloth Market; at Blue Quarries, on Monday the 4th, at seven o’clock: Grindstone Quay, Telling Shore, on Tuesday the 5th, at seven o’clock in the evening; Unsworth, on Wednesday the 6th, at seven o’clock; Wreckington, on Thursday the 8th, at seven o’clock; Bedlington, on Friday the 8th, at seven o’clock; Goat Inn long room, on Sunday the 10th, at six o’clock.

NOTTINGHAM. — On Sunday next, Oct. 3rd, a County Delegate meeting will be held in the Democratic Chapel, Rice-place, Barker-gate, at one o’clock; and as Monday commences Goosefair, a greater number than usual of country delegates are expected to attend. On Sunday afternoon, Mr, Dean Taylor will preach on the Forest; in the evening, at six o’clock in the chapel, Rice-place. On Monday, Mr. Taylor lectures at Carrington, Tuesday at Hueknall-Torkard, Wednesday at Sutton, and Thursday at Mansfield, each evening at six o’clock. The friends at the above places are requested to make it as public as possible.

EDINBURGH. — A County Delegate Meeting, for Mid-Lothian, will be held in the Whitfield Chapel, Edinburgh, on Monday the 27th instant.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. James Bronterre O’Brien will deliver a lecture in the Carpenters’ Hall, on Monday, October 4th, at eight o’clock in the evening. The proceeds after defraying expenses, to go to aid Mr. O’Brien to establish a newspaper press.

LONDON. — Berwick-street, Soho.—Mr. Fuseli will lecture to the Chartist tailors, on Wednesday, at the Three Doves Inn, at eight in the evening.

CHELSEA. — Mr. Cleave lectures here on Monday evening.

WANDSWORTH. — Mr. Ruffy Ridley leisures here to-morrow evening. Subject—Priestcraft. Time— half-past seven.

DEPTFORD. — The Chartists of Deptford and Greenwich are requested to meet at a public meeting, to be held at No. 1, Collier-street, Deptford, on the 6th of October next, at eight o’clock precisely, to pass the rules of the locality, and other important business.

CRAMLINGTON. — On Sunday morning, at eleven, and in the afternoon, at two o’clock, Mr. Williams, of Sunderland, will address the people of this place.

SOUTHWICK. — On Sunday morning, at half-past ten, Mr. Binns will address the inhabitants of Southwick.

SUNDERLAND. — On Sunday afternoon, at half-past two, Mr. Binns will address the people at the Life Boat House, and on Tuesday, a lecture by Mr. Williams will be delivered in the Long Room of the Arcade.

DERBYSHIRE. — Mr. Bairstow will leeture at Derby on Monday, October 4th ; at Spondon, on Tuesday, Oct. 5th ; at Ticknall, on Wednesday, Oct. 6th ; at Burton, on Thursday, Oct. 7th; at Swadlincote, on Friday; and in Derby Market-place, on Sunday evening, at half-past five o’clock.

SALFORD. — The Rev. W. Y. Jackson will preach a sermon on Sunday next, at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon, in the National Charter Association Rooms, Salford, when a collection will be made for the benefit of the Sunday School in connexion with the above rooms.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. Clarke, of Stockport, will lecture at Oldham, on Sunday evening, and Mr. Griffin, Tib-street, Manchester.

