MARYLEBONE. — Mr. W. Garried will lecture at the Working Men’s Hall, Circus-street, New-road, on Sunday, at half-past seven o’clook in the evening. Subject, “ The history, nature, and power of public opinion.”

Mr. Morgan's Route. - Mr. Morgan lectures at Usworth, on Tuesday next; at Fatfield, on Wednesday ; at Hebbron, on Thursday ; at Carville, on Fridsy, each evening at six o’clock; and on Sunday, the 24th inst.., in the Chartists Hall, Goat Inn, Cloth Market, at half-past six.

BASFORD. - The Chartists of this place have determined on a tea party, on Tuesday next, at house of M. Sminton, Hare and Hounds Inn. Tickets for which may be had of the following persons John Hickling, Dobb Park, Edward Toulson, John Brown, William Brown, Parsons Flat.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr. Otley will lecture in the room, Fig Tree-lane, on Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock. Subject, " The wisdom of our ancestors. "

	Bronterre O’Brien. — This gentleman will lecture in Sheffield, on the evenings of Monday and Tuesday next. At the time of sending this to the Star Office, the Council had not succeeded getting a sufficiently large place of meeting —but, before this appears in print, a place will have been secured, and full particulars be announced by public Placard. A select party of friends will honour Mr. O' Brien with a dinner on the evening of Tuesday proceeding the lecture, (particulars as to hour and place will be given in the bills. Tickets, 1s. 6d. each may be had at the room, Fig Tree-lane, on Sunday evening.

Mr. Marsden’s Route. — Mr. Marsden will lecture in the following places Monday, at Preston ; Tuesday and Wednesday, at Clitheroe; Thursday, at Barnoldswick ; Friday, at Colne; Saturday, at Accrington; Monday 25th, at Blackburn ; Tuesday 26th, at Sabden ; Wednesday 27th at Burnley ; Thursday 28th, at Bacup; Friday 29th, at Darwen; and Saturday 3Oth, at Chorley. 

Mr. D. Taylor’s Route — On Sunday, at Hucknall Torkard ; Monday, Bullwell Forest; Tuesday, Old Basford ; Wednesday, Carrington ; Thursday, Carlton. The friends at the above places will announce their own time of meeting, and make it as public as possible.

LONDON. — Mr. Ridley will lecture on the 21st inst., at nine o’clock, at the Red Lion, King-street, Golden-square.	

HANLEY. - It has been resolved that a ball will take place at the large room, George and Dragon Inn, New-street, Hanley, on Monday evening, Oct. 25th, the proceeds to be appropriated to Chartist purposes. Tickets, 6d. each, may be had of the following persons Joseph Heath's Slack-lane, Hanley ; Jeremiah Yates, Miles Bank, and Moses Simpson, Pall Mall, Shelton.

	Lecture. — Mr. G. B. Mart, will finish his lecture on the subject of the " Sins of Church and State", on Monday evening, in the National Charter Association Room, Hanley.	

Mr. Duffy’s proposed Route. — Mr. Duffy intends going to Lancaster, to visit his father, one of the exiled patriots of Ireland of 1798, aged upwards of ninety years, and has been advised to go by short stages and visit his Chartist brethren in the following places, during the next week, in his route, under the consideration that his health, although much improved, would not yet justify excessive fatigue. Mr. D,, in accordance with this advice, will visit Ripponden on Monday next, and will be most happy to meet all the Chartists (as well as Wings, and Tories) of that district and explain his principles, and support them in discussion in or out of doors, as may be most convenient, at any hour after tour o’clock: he will call on Mr. Philip Platt. On Tuesday, Mr. D. will be at the service of the men of Hebden Bridge, in the same way. At Todmorden he will attend on Wednesday. At Haslingden, on Thursday. At Colne, on Friday. At Burnley, on Saturday. And at Blackburn, on Sunday. Mr. B. would be glad to hear from any friends wishing him to visit them in the neighbourhood of Lancaster, while he remains there, or on his return from that place to Leeds. Letters to be addressed to him at Mr. James Duffy’s, Sugar-house Alley, Greenaire, Lancaster. 

NEWTON HEATH. — Mr. Wm. Booth will lecture in the Association Room, here, on Monday, October 25th, at eight o’clock in the evening.

ROCHDALE. - The Demonstration Committee is requested to meet in the room, School-lane, on Sunday morning next, at ten o’clock. Mr. Cartledge will leture there in the afternoon, at half-past two. 

NORTH AND EAST RIDINGS. — Mr. Skevington, the North and East Riding lecturer, will visit the following places during the next week: Beverley, Monday the 18th; Hull, Tuesday the 19th; Scar-borough, Wednesday and Thursday, the 20th and 21st; and Malton, Friday the 22nd. He will be at Leeds, on Sunday and Monday, the 24th and 25th.

	The second East and North Riding delegate meeting will be held in the Association Room, Ebor Tavern, Straker’s Passage, Fossgate, York, on Sunday the 31st October, at ten o’clock in the morning, when it is hoped that every town in the above Ridings will send delegates, as business of importance will be brought forward. Those localities who cannot send delegates must send their views by letter. Any person willing to become lecturer for the East and North Riding district of Yorkshire must forward their address to the Secretary, Edward Burley, 19, Bilton-street, Layerthorp, York. 

DERBYSHIRE. — Mr. Bairatow, the missionary, will lecture at Bonsall oa Monday, and on Tuesday Matlock.

BRADFORD. — A sermon will be preached in the National Charter Association room, White Abbey, on Sunday next, by Mr. J. Alderson, in the afternoon at half-past two o’olock; and in the evening, at six o'clock by Mr. J. Arran, when a collection will be made for books after each sermon.
