LONDON. — The Chartists of the Tower Hamlets have engaged the Pavillion Theatre, Whitechapel, for a benefit for the political victims, to take place on Wednesday, October 26. Box tickets 2s. Pit 1s. Gallery 6d.

Mr. Mantz will lecture on Tuesday at the Working Man’s Hall, Kingston-upon-Thames.

Mr. Brown will lecture on Wednesday at the Star Coffee House, Union-street, Borough.

A Meeting of the Female Chartists of the metropolis, will be held at the Association Room, 55, Old Bailey, on Monday next. Mr. Ruffy Ridley has promised to lecture on that evening.

The Sub-Secretaries of the Chartist localities in the Counties adjoining or surrounding Middlesex, are requested to take steps to elect delegates to a Monthly Metropolitan Counties Delegate Meeting, to be held on Sunday, November 6th, at the Chartist Hall, 55, Old Bailey, London, at two o’clock in the afternoon, to consider the best method of promoting the the cause in the several districts, and for the better organization of this division of the united kingdom; the propriety of holding a monthly meeting of Metropolitan Counties Delegates, will also be discussed ; any communication on this subject can be addressed to the Secretary of tho Metropolitan Delegate Meeting, Thomas Wheeler, 2433, Terrace Bar, London.

Mr. Brown from the City locality, will lecture at the Star Coffee House, Union-street, Borough, on Tuesday next.

THE SOMERS TOWN VICTIM COMMITTEE intend getting up a second harmonic meeting for the benefit of the victims, on Wednesday, the 19th instant, at the Cheshire Cheese, Philips’ Buildings, Somers Town. To commence at half-past seven o’clock precisely. Admission, 2d.

Dr. M'Douall’s Committee will meet on Sunday evening, to wind up their accounts, at the Rose Inn, Old Bailey, at six o’clock. All parties holding books or money are requested to bring them to the above place at the specified time.

Mr. M'Grath will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Goldbeaters’ Arms, Old Bailey.

MARYLEBONE. — A good time-piece,in a substantial mahogany case, well worth two guineas, will be raffled for, for the benefit of tho victims, as soon as thirty subscribers at one shilling each can be obtained.

Mr. Skelton will lecture at the Working Men’s Hall, Circus-street, Marylebone, on Sunday, (tomorrow,) evening, at half-past seven.

SILK WEAVERS' LOCALITY. — The members of this locality are requested to attend a public meeting this (Saturday) evening, at eight o’clock, to nominate members of the General Council, and a delegate to sit on the County Council, 55, Old Bailey. The meeting will be held at Mr. Arrowsmith’s, the Halifax Arms, King Edward-street,Mile End, New Town.

Mr. Bolwell, of Bath, will lecture on Wednesday evening next, at 55, Old Bailey, at eight o’clock.

UNSWORTH IN PILKINGTON. — On Sunday next (tomorrow), two sermons will bo delivered in the Primitive Methodist GhapJ, Unsworth, by Mr. Isaac Barrow, of Bolton, on which occasion collections will be made in aid of the defence fund. Service to begin at two o’clock in the afternoon and at six in the evening.

DEWSBURY DISTRICT. — A council meeting will be held on Sunday the 16th of October, in the large room over the Co-operative Scores, at two o’clock in the afternoon, when delegates are expected to attend from all places in the district.

NEWARK. — The Chartists of this place intend having a dinner on the opening of the large room which they have engaged on Blondsj, the 24fch October, and they would very much like for P. M. Brophy to visit them om that day if he can make it convenient. He should communicate with Thomas Simnett, Newark.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. Bridges will preach in the Democratic Chapel, on Sunday evening next. It is intended to have a ball at the Union Coffee House, on Drury Hill, on Monday evening. The proceeds to go to the fund of the victims of magisterial oppression.

SILSDEN. — Mr. Benjamin Rushton, from Ovenden, will preach two sermons in the Chartist Room, on Sunday, the 23rd of October. Service to commence at two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six in the evening. Collections will bo made towards defending the Chartist prisoners.

BRADFORD. — On Sunday next a discussion will be held in the large room, Butterworth’s-building, to commence at ten o'clock in the morning, and conclude at twelve at noon.

A Lecture will be delivered on Sunday evening at six o’clock, in the room Butterworth's building, on the principle of co-operation. Discussion invited.

Mr. Ross will lecture on Saturday evening at eight o’clock, at the Mason’s Arms.

Mr. Joseph Walton will lecture on Sunday at the Chartist Room, New Leeds, at two o’clock, p. m. on the present constitution of man —discussion invited, Free admission; the attendance of the ladies are requested.

NOTTINGHAM. — On Monday the 17th inst., a dance and bail will bo given in aid of the defence fund, which is to be held in the large room, Union Coffee House; a full company is anticipated.

Mr. T. Beggs will deliver a lecture on Monday the 17th inst., for the benefit of the defence fund in the Salem Chapel, Barker Gate, when he requests the enemies of persecution will favour him with their presence.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday next, Mr. Daniel Donavan of Manchester, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at six o’clock in the evening.

STROUD. — The Chartists of Stroud and its vicinity are informed that the council have taken a large room at tho Globe Inn, in Parliament-street, and on Monday, Oct. 17th will be the first night of their meeting at the above rooms- The council are determined, with the assistance of ihe members, to obtain a victory over every obstacle, and earnestly urge upon every member to meet on Monday next, at seven o’clock. The hour now is that we must work and not play ; come then, every member, and show a bold front and a fresh determination to conquer the adversary ; let your presence shew those who are weeping even unto death, that you are determined to do your utmost to advance the cause of justice, mercy and truth. Remember your brothers the victims.

HUDDERSFIELD. - A General Councillors’ meeting will be held on Sunday next (to-morrow), at the Temperance Hotel. Paddock. The chair to be taken at one o’clock precisely. The levy laid at the last meeting is expected to be handed in at this time.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — A lecture takes place every Sunday night, at six o’clock, in the Charter Association Room, Charlestown, when the Secretary is in attendance to receive the names of new members.

ROCHDALE. — On Sunday (to-morrow), Mr. Mills, from Whitworth, will preach two sermons in the Association Room, Yorkshire-street, at half-past two o’clock, and at six in the evening.

SHEFFIELD. — On Sunday evening, (to-morrow,) Mr. Evinson will lecture in the Chartist room, Fig-Tree-Lane. The lecture to commenoeat half-past seven o’clock.

On Monday evening, Mr. G. Sutton will deliver a lecture in the above room ; to commence at eight o'clock.

On Tuesday night a meeting of the members will be held in the Fig-Tree-Lane room, when important business will be brought before them. The Evening Star is read nightly in this room. It contains the latest proceedings of the present Commission, and cannot fail to be of interest to all true Chartists.

ECKINGTON. — The same evening Mr. Edwin Gill will lecture to the Chartists of this place, at five o’clock, when a collection will be made for the incarcerated victims.

SUNDERLAND. — On Sunday afternoon, at half-past two, Mr. Williams will lecture on tho Moor ; and on Tuesday evening a public meeting will be held in the Arcade.

Evening Star Class. — A class for the daily reading of the Evening Star is formed at Mr. Williams’s. Persons wishing to join must apply to Mr. Williams.

CHARLESTOWN. — Two Grand Miscellaneous Concerts and Balls will take place in the Charter Association Room, on Monday and Tuesday next, for the benefit of the Association. Tickets for males threepence each, females twopence each.

Mr. Robinson, the East and North Riding lecturer, will visit the following places during next week, namely, Malton, this day, (Saturday) Scarbrough, on Monday and Tuesday; Malton, on Wednesday; Howden, on Friday and Saturday.

SIDALL. — On Sunday, (to-morrow) Mr. Butterly, of Halifax, will preach in the Association Room; to oommence at six o’clock iu tho evening.

HALIFAX. — On Sunday, (to-morrow) Mr. Wallace will preach in the large room, Swan Coppice, at six o’clock in the evening.

District Meeting. — The monthly district meeting will be held in the Large Room, Swan Coppice, Halifax, (to-morrow,) at two o’clock in the afternoon.

The Chartists of York will have a public Ball in their Association room, on Tuesday evening next, Tickets, sixpence eaoh ; to be had at the Agent’s, in Colliergate; at the Ebor Tavern, Fossgate; and Mr. Robert GUI, No. I, Bilton-streefc, Layerthorpe.

Leeds District.—Mr. Dean Taylor will deliver lectures in the following places during the next week : — On Monday, the 17th inst., at Churwell; Tuesday, the 18th, at Hunslet; Wednesday, the 19tb, at Leeds, and on Friday, the 21st, at Morley.

LEEDS. — Mr. Dean Taylor will preach two sermons to-morrow, in the afternoon, at half-past two, and half-past six o’olock in the evening, in the Chartist room, Cheapside. 

HOLBECK. - To-morrow evening, a sermon will be preached by Mr. Jonathan Hall. A good attendance is earnestly requested.

On Wednesday evening, a lecture will be delivered in the same place by Mr. Sheridan Nussey.

LIVERPOOL. — The Chartists are requested to attend in the Association Room, Preston-street, on Sunday, (to-morrow,) at eight o'clock in the evening, on business of importance.

The Youths of Manchester hold their meetings every Tuesday evening, in the room Tib-street ; also on every Saturday they hold a recital; and every Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday they have a night school for reading, writing, &c.
