MR. O'CONNOR’S ROUTE.

Mr. O'Connor will be at Stirling on this day (Saturday, the 23rd), when he will address the people in the evening, according to the request of the Chartists of Stirling. He wishes to meet some person from Alloa there, in order that he may be informed of their proceedings. He will be at Alloa on Monday, the 25th; at Dumferline on Tuesday, the 26th; at Dundee on Wednesday, the 27th; at Aberdeen on Friday, the 29th; and at Cupar on Monday, 1st November. He will address the people of Kirkaldy on Tuesday, the 2nd, (at any hour they may appoint,) on his way to Edinburgh; where he will address the people on the evening of the same day, the 2nd. On Wednesday, the 3rd, he will go to Lasswade; on Friday, the 5th, to Dumfries; on Saturday, the 6th, to Carlisle ; on Monday, the 8th, to Newcastle ; and to Sunderland, on Tuesday, the 9th.

Mr. O'Connor has received several letters requesting him to remain a week in the neighbourhood of Dundee, for the purpose of addressing the people in the neighbourhood; but this his friends will see would be impossible at the present time. Winter is now coming on and the work would be both arduous and dangerous. Ia reply to a correspondent from Stookfcon, Mr. O’Connor begs to say, that he had intended to visit that town and will do so, but not in his present tour. He suggests the propriety of calling all meetings for the purpose of petitioning Parliament. Mr. O'Connor writes us to say, that the organisation of the Scotch Chartists and the difference of the Scotch middle classes in all towns where steam has not yet gained an ascendancy, as contrasted with the middle classes of England, is most striking. He writes in the most encouraging terms of the progress of the cause, and says that in such a work he could labour without fatigue for twenty-three hours in the twenty-four. He sends his best love to his English friends, and hopes to return with a valuable freight of information.

CITY OF LONDON. — Mr. Watkins will preach here on Sunday se'nnight, on " The necessity of union in the cause, and of vigilance to preserve union.”

LONDON. — Mr. Goodfellow will lecture on Sunday, Oct. 24th, at the Charter Coffee-house, Shetton Ground, Westminster.

	Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Sunday, Oct. 24th, at the United Coffee-house, George-Street, Chelsea.

	Mr. Stallwood will lecture on Tuesday, October 26th, at Mr. Weston’s Temperance Hotel, Hackney.

WALWORTH. — Mr. Wild will lecture at the Joan of Arc, corner of Park-place, East-street, Walworth, on Wednesday the 27th inst.

LAMBETH. - Mr. Balls will lecture at the Chartist Hall, 1, China Walk, on Sunday evening, at seven o'clock. Mr. Wheeler will lecture at the above place on Tuesday, at eight o'clock.

	Lecture. - Mr Wm. Benbow will lecture at the Working Men's Hall, Circus-street, New Road, Marylebone, on Sunday evening, at half-past seven.

CITY OF LONDON. — A lecture will be delivered on Thursday evening, Oct. 28th, anil every succeeding Thursday evening, at the Chartist Hall, 55, Old Bailey, under tho superintendence of the London Delegate Council, chair to be taken at eight o’clock. Mr. Benbow has gone to the ancient City of Norwich, to enable them the better to do battle with their tyrannical and fanatical oppressors.

WESTMINSTER. — Mr. Goodfellow will lecture on Sunday evening next.

HUDDERSFIELD. — Mr. Henry Vincent will lecture at Honley, on Saturday (this day), the 23rd of October, at seven o’clock in the evening. Also at the Hall of Science, Bath Buildings, Huddersfield, on Sunday, the 24th, at half-past two o'clock in the afternoon, and at halt-past six o’clock in the evening. Subject—" Chartism, and the duties of the people.” Admittance, 1d.

	O’Brien's Festival. —The inhabitants of Huddersfield and its vicinity are informed that a festival will take place, in honour of that indomitable patriot O’Brien, on Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday, the 31st of October, and the 1st and 2nd days of November. The soiree will take place on Monday erening, the 1st day of November. Tickets, ladies, 9d; gents., 1s. Tickets to be had of Tinker, Pitkethly, Bray, the Secretary, West Parade, and the Association Room, and at the Hall of Science.

HUDDERSFIELD. — A district delegate meeting will be held on Sunday next, at five o’clock in the aftertoon, at the house of Mr. Thomas Andrew, the friendship Inn, Kirkgate, when delegates from Bradley, Raistrick, Lindley, Paddock, Margden, Slaithwaite, Meltham, Honley, Holmfirth, Shelly, Burton, Almondbury, Lepton, Kirkheaton, and Yews, aro requested to attend, as business of the greatest importance is to be laid before them.

HALIFAX. — Mr. Edward Clayton, of Huddersfield, will lecture at Halifax, on Sunday next, at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon, when a collection will be made for the forthcoming convention. All classes are requested to attend. Discussion invited.

STANNINGLEY. — Three sermons will be preached at the Stanningley Universal Suffrage Association Room, Primrose-hill, on Sunday; that in the morn- at ten o’clock, by Mr. Joseph Alderson; in the afternoon, by Mr. Thomas Ibbetson, at half-past and in the evening, at six o’clock, by Mr. Joseph Alderson, of Bradford.

LEEDS. — Mr. Skevington will lecture here on and Monday evenings. —There will be a tea party in honour of O’Brieu on Tuesday evening, at Mr. Hall's Temperance Coffee House, Call Lane. Forty tickets only are issued. The company will adjourn from thence to the Music Hall.

FINSBURY. — A public meeting of the Chartists of Finsbury,, and others, will take place at Lunt's Coffee House, Clerkenwell Green, on Monday evening next, for the purpose of deciding who shall be the representatives of Finsbury on the Middlesex Delegate Council. Our inestimable friend Benbow is expected to deliver a lecture. Finsbury must be up and doing. 

WANDSWORTH. — Mr. Morton will lecture at Fox’s, Frogmore, on Wednesday evening at eight o'clock, on the present distressed state of the country.

HUNSLET. — Mr. Smith will preach on the evils of disunion, at Hunslet, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock. 

SALFORD. — Mr. Campbell will lecture in the Charter Association Room, Great Grove-street, on Sunday next, at half-past six o'clock in the evening. 

HOLLINWOOD. — There will be a camp meeting here on Sunday next, at half-past two, near the Cut Bridge. Several friends from Manchester and Oldham will be present.

DONCASTER. — On Sunday next, Mr. John Waller will lecture on the right of woman to the franchise.

LIMEHOUSE. — Mr. Ridley will lecture at the Schoolbrow, Limehouse Causeway, on Tuesday evening, Oct. 26th.

Delegate Meeting. — The adjourned' delegate meeting at Seghill will be resumed at North Shields on Sunday. Nov. 1st. The delegates are to meet at the Railway Inn, North Shields, at ten o'clock in the morning precisely, and to go from there to the place of meeting. 

NEWCASTLE-UPON-TYNE. — An address will be delivered in the Chartist Hall, Goat Inn, Cloth Market, at seven o’clock in the evening of Sunday next, the 24th instant.

The EAST RIDING Lecturer. — Mr. Skevington’s engagement as East Riding lecturer having for the present terminated, he begs to apprise his friends in Yorkshire that he purposes visiting Bradford on Tuesday the 26th instant; Halifax, on Wednesday the 27th; Huddersfield, on Thursday the 28th; Doncaster, on Friday the 29th; and Rotherham, on Saturday the 30ih. He will be happy to receive the addresses of the secretaries resident at the above places —the same to be sent to our office by Monday next.

WEST RIDING. — A West Riding delegate meeting will be held on Sunday, Oct. 3lst, at ten o’clock in the forenoon, in the Chartist Association Room, near the Co-operative Stores, Dewsbury. It is hoped that as many delegates as possible will be in attendance. The propriety of establishing a delegate fund will be taken into consideration. Mr. John West, of Macclesfield, has been engaged as the West Riding lecturer, who will commence his tour as soon as the necessary arrangements have been, completed. It is particularly requested that all places in the riding will immediately forward their quota of the levy (1 1/2d. per member), and all arrears, to the secretary. 

DEWSBURY. — The members of the National Charter Association are requested to attend at their meeting room, on Tuesday evening next, October 26th, to have their bards renewed. Business of importance will be brought before the meeting. To commence at eight o’clock.

Mr. James Duffy’s Tour. — Mr. Duffy will lecture at Wigan on Tuesday the 26th instant; at Chorley, on Wednesday the 27th; at Preston, on Thursday the 28th; and Lancaster, on Monday the 1st of November.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr. Julian Harney will lecture in the large room, Fig Tree-lane, on Sunday evening; to commence at seven o’clock. 

CHOWBENT. — Mr. Isaac Barrow will preach two sermons, in Harrison chapel, on Sunday, the 31st instant; subject for the afternoon, “ Right against Might;" subject for the evening, " The Gospel the oppressor’s foe, the poor man’s friend.” The above sermons will be preached at half-past two in the afternoon, and six o’clock in the evening.	

Mr. Mason’s Route for the following Week — Stourbridge, on Monday; Redditch, on Tuesday; Bromsgrove, on Wednesday; Kidderminster, on Thursday; and Wolverhampton, on Friday. All places in the district are requested to address their money orders in future to Mr. Frederick Corbett, Adams-street, Chancery Buildings, Birmingham; and their letters of business to Mr. George White, 39, Bromsgrove-street.

Mr. Thos. Clarke, of Stockport, will lecture at Sowerby, on Saturday, the 23rd; Ripponden, on Sunday the 24th; Warley, on Monday the 25th; Midgley, on Tuesday the 26th; Hebden Bridge, on Wednesday the 27th; Todmorden, on Thursday the 28th; Milnrow, on Friday the 29th; and if the Todmorden and Milnrow friends can make it convenient, he will attend in Littleborough on Sunday the 31st, to establish tho National Charter Association.

HALIFAX. — Mr.Clayton, Huddersfield, will lecture in the Charter Institution, Swan Coppice, on Sunday, Oct. 24 th, at two o’clock in tho afternoon.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Smethurst, of Oldham, will lecture here on Sunday next, at half-past two.

STOCKPORT. — Mr. James Cartledge of Manchester, will lecture on Sunday next, at the National Charter Association Room, Bomber’s Brow, Lower Hillgate. All friends to liberty are requested to attend. No admission fee.

CHELTENHAM. — On Monday next, a plain and fancy dress ball will take place at the Mechanics’ Institution, for the benefit of that victim of Whig vengeance, Mrs. Brown, of Birmingham, when all friends of the widow and fatherless are respectfully: requested to attend.

WINCHCOMB. — Mr. Milsom, of Cheltenham, will lecture here on Sunday next.

BRADFORD. — The Chartists resident in Nelson-street will meet at the house of William Smyth, on Sunday, Oct. 24th, at seven o’clock in the evening, to discuss the necessity of a general organization of the people. —Mr. George Flynn will lecture in the above place on Thursday, Oot. 28th, at eight o’clock in the evening. The Chartists of this locality are requested to attend these meetings. Free discussion; no charge for admission. —Mr. John Arran will lecture in the large room of the North Tavern, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock. —Mr. Ibbetson and Mr. Brook will lecture at Little Horton, on Tuesday evening, October 26th, at eight o’clock. —Mr. Dewhurst will lecture at the Old Cot, Daisy-hill, on Sunday, Oct. 24th, at six o’clock in the evening. — Mr. Arran will lecture at Mr. Sheppard’s Dunkirk-Street, on Monday, Oct. 25th, at eight o’clock in the evening. —Mr. Alderson and Mr. Flynn will lecture at the Red Inn, on Sunday evening, October 24th, at six o’clock. —Mr. Alderson will leoture at Stanningley, on Sunday evening, at six o'clock, October 24th.

KEIGHLEY. — The anniversary sermons in behalf of the Keighley Working Man’s Hall will be preached by the Rev. Joseph Rayner Stephens, on Sunday next. As it is considered likely that a very great number will be anxious to bear the Rev. Gentleman, it is intended to have the first sermon preached in the Market Place should the weather prove favourable, and the second, or evening.

