DUMFRIES. — O’Connor’s Visit. —All is hope and anxiety here since the announcement of Mr. O'Connor's visit. A committee has been appointed to make the arrangements for giving to our noble champion, a triumphant welcome. The secretary is instructed to correspond with the leading members ot tne Chartist body in the various towns in Dumfries-shire and Galloway, where associations exist, intimating the visit of Mr. O'Connor, and requesting delegates to attend a conference to be holden on the day or his arrival, for the purpose of considering the new plan of Organization; and if adopted, the means by which such plan can be most effectively brought into operation in the district.

NEWCASTLE. — A Public Dinner will be given to Mr. Kydd, on the evening of Wednesday, October 25th, in Mr. Gibson's large room, sign of the Waggon, South Shields. Dinner to be on the table at seven o clock. Tickets 1s. 6d. each.

OLDHAM. - On Sunday (to-morrow) a lecture will be delivered in the Chartist Room, Greaves’s-street, at six o clock in the evening, by a friend. On Monday next, at eight o’clock in the evening, the members of the late National Charter Association are particularly requested to attend in the Chartist Room; and also those who have enrolled under the New plan of Organization, when business of very great importance will be laid before them.

LONDON. — Mr. Clark will lecture on Tuesday evening, at the Roebuck Inn, Leader-street, Chelsea. Mr. M'Grath will lecture on Sunday evening at City of London Institution, Turnagain-lane.

Mr Wheeler will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Bricklayer’s Arms, Tonbridge-street, New Road.

Mr. Clark will lecture on Sunday evening, at Circus-street, Marylebone.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Clark, o£ Stockport, will lecture on Sunday evening, Oct. 22nd, at the Mechanics’ Institution, Circus-street, New Road, at half-past seven o'clock. A meeting of the members will be holden on Tuesday evening, at half-past seven.

Mr. Preston will lecture on Tuesday evening, at the Political and Scientific Institution on the “ Best means of advancing the interests ef the Human Race.”

A General Meeting will take place at the Golden Lion, Dean Street, Soho, on Sunday, (tomorrow) to elect Councillors. It is requested that all members will attend. Mr. Skelton will lecture the same evening.

SOMERS TOWN. - On Sunday, (to-morrow) Mr. Wheeler will lecture at Mr. Duddridge’s, Bricklayers’ Arms, Tonbridge-street, New road, Somers Town.

SOUTHWARK. — Mr. M'Grath will lecture on Thursday evening next, at the King of Prussia, in Tooley-street.

LEWISHAM. — Messrs. Clark and Ross will attend here on Wednesday evening next, for the purpose of explaining the Plan of Organization, and enrolling members.

SHOTLEY BRIDGE. — M r. Dickinson,the Manchester Packer, will deliver two lectures in the Odd-Fellows Hall, Shotley Bridge, on the evenings of Monday and Tuesday, the 23rd and 24th inst. Subject: - The evils of the law of Primogeniture and poverty, and how to banish it. To commence at half-past seven o’clock each evening.

ROCHDALE. — It is requested that all persons who are desirous of taking out shares for the erection of a Working-man’s Hall, in this town, will attend each Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock, in the room of the Chartist Association.

Mr. A. Haugh, from Whitworth, will read the Plan of Organization, on Sunday afternoon, at halfpast two o’clock ; and will deliver a lecture in the evening, at six o’clock.

PRESTON. — A Tea Party and Ball will take place in the Chartist Association Room, Park Road, on Monday next, to commemorate the release of Mr. Joseph Hutchinson from Kirkdale House of Correction. The evening’s entertainments will be enlivened with vocal and instrumental music. Lady’s tickets, Eight pence; Gentlemen’s do., Tenpence. To be had at Mr. G. Holton's, Newsvendor, Lawson-street, and the various Collectors of the Association.

HEYWOOD. — Mr. W. Bell will deliver a lecture in the Chartist room, on Monday evening next.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. D. Ross will lecture in the Carpenters’ Hall, on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, at half-past six o’clock.

The South Lancashire Delegates will meet at the house of Mr. J. Murray, under the Carpenters’ Hall, on Sunday, the 29th instant, at ten o’clock in the forenoon. A good attendance of Delegates is requested as business of importance will be brought before them.

SHEFFIELD. — Fig Tree Lane. — On Sunday evening a lecture will be delivered in the above room at half-past six o’clock.

On Monday evening a public meeting, when " the condition of Ireland” will be taken into consideration. Several English and Irish friends will address the meeting.

A Ball will be regularly holden in the above room, on Tuesday evenings, and an Harmonic Meeting on Saturday evenings, for the benefit of the association, under the superintendence of the Council.

LOCKWOOD. — A general meeting of the Huddersfield district Chartists will be holden in the Democratic Institution, opposite the Swan Inn, Lockwood, to-morrow, (Sunday) chair to be taken at two o’clock.

BLACKBURN. — Mr. David Ross will deliver a lecture in the Music Hall, in this town, on Wednesday next, October 2Sth.

SELSTON. — Mr. G. Harrison, from Calverton, will preach here to-morrow (Sunday).

BURY. — Mr. William Dixon, of Manchester, will lecture here to morrow (Sunday), at two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six in the evening, A collection will be made after each lecture, the proceeds, after defraying expenses, to go to Mrs. Ellis.

MOSSLEY. — A public tea-party will be holden in the Chartist Meeting Room, Brook Bottom, on Saturday evening, October 23rd : when Mr. David Ross, from Leeds, will attend. Gentlemen’s tickets 9d., ladies’ tickets 7d., each, may be had of Mr. John Grime, Bagley Mill, and Mr. B. B. Broadbent, Fieece Inn, Mossley. Tea to be on the table at five o’olook precisely.

LEICESTER. - Market-place, at half-past five o'clock. Subject—Organization of the people.

BOLTON. — Mr. Ross will deliver two lectures on Sunday next (tomorrow), at two o’clock in the afternoon, and six in the evening.

BARNSLEY. — A meeting of the Chartists will he holden in Pickering’s Room, on Sunday (to-morrow) i evening.

HULL. — Mr. Stuart will lecture in the Freemasons’ Lodge, Mytongate, on Monday evening next. The chair to be taken precisely at eight o’clock. At the close of the above lecture a meeting of the members will be holden.

BRADFORD. — On Sunday (to-morrow), at two o’clock in the afternoon, the Mental Improvement Class will meet in the Association Room, New Leeds, when a lecture will be delivered,

NEW LEEDS. — On Sunday (to-morrow) morning, at ten o’clock, the Chartists of New Leeds will meet in their room on business of importance. It is requested that all those wishing to take out cards will attend.

LITTLE HORTON. - The Chartists of Little Horton will meet in the School Room, Park Place, at ten o’clock on Sunday (to-morrow) morning. It is expected that all who have not got cards will attend, as the Secretary will enrol names, and deliver cards out, being supplied with some for the purpose.

THOMPSON'S HOUSES. — The Chartists of Thompson’s Houses will meet in their room at ten o’clock on Sunday (to-morrow) morning.

The Chartists of the Central Locality will meet in the Council Room, Butterworth Buildings, at ten o’clock on Sunday (to-morrow) morning. The Northern Star is sold in the rooms.

LEEDS. — Mr. John Shaw will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Room, Cheapside, to-morrow (Sunday) evening, at half-past six o'clock.

A Meeting of tho members will be held in the same place, to-morrow afternoon, at two o’clock, upon business connected with the New Hall lately taken by the Chartist body. A good muster is requested.	 
