OLDHAM. — Mr. Michael Roberts, of Bury, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greave-st., at six o’clock in the evening.

HALIFAX. — Mr. Abraham Hanson, of EUand, will preach here on Sunday (to-morrow) at six o'clock in the evening.

A District delegate meeting will be held at New Pellon, on Sunday, at two o’clock in the afternoon. Delegates are expeoted to attend from Halifax, Sowerby, Ripponden, Luddenden, Upper Warley, Lower Warley, Mixenden, Ovenden. New Pellon, Siddle, Elland, &c , &c. It is hoped that none will fail to attend.

LOWER WARLEY. — Mr. Butterley of Halifax, will preach in the Association Room, Hoilhouse, on Monday evening at eight o’clock.

DEWSBURY. — A district council meeting will be held on Sunday (to-morrow) in the large room, over the Co-operative Stores, at two o’clock in the afternoon when delegates are expected from the following places — Dewsbury, Doghouse, Batley, Birstal, Littletown, Horbury, Ossett, Wakefield, Cleckheaton, Heckmondwike, Potovens, East Ardsley, Overton, or any other locality wishing to subscribe to the Defence Fund.

HOLLINGWORTH. — The Chartists of Hollingworth, Mottram, and surrounding neighbourhood, are requested to meet at their rooms in Hollingworth, on Sunday (to-morrow) at one o’clock, on business of great importance.

HOLLINWOOD. — On Saturday evening, November 5, a Tea party will beheld in the Ralph Green Chartist room, in commemoration of the birthday of Henry Hunt. Tickets Male tickets, 8d., female do. 6d. each, may be had of Joseph Rayner, John Garlick, Robert Whitehead, and Ashton Ashton. Tea on the table at six.o’clock. —Mr. Thomas Rankin of Salford, will lecture here on Sunday next at six o’clock.

HOLMFIRTH. — Mr. William Cunningham will lecture on Sunday, (to-morrow), in the Association room, Holmfirth, to commence at six o’clook in the evening.

THURSTONLAND. — Mr. Edward Clayton will lecture on Sunday, (to-morrow), in the Democratic Chapel, Thurstonland, to commence at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. Christopher Doyle will deliver two lectures on Sunday next, in the Carpenters’ Hall, in the afternoon, at half-past two o’clock, and the other in the evening, at half-past six.

The monthly meeting of the members of the National Charter Association will be held in the Carpenters’ Hall, on Sunday, the 6th of November, chair to be taken at ten o’clock in the forenoon. It is requested that the members will be punctual in their attendance,

ROCHDALE. - Mr. Dickinson, the Manchester Packer, will lecture in the National Charter Association Room, on Tuesday evening next.

A Chartist tea party will be held in the Asso oiation Room, Newton Heath, on Saturday evening, November 5th, when Mr. Dixon will address the friends of freedom upon the principles of the People's Charter.

KIRKHEATON. — On Sunday (to-morrow) a lecture will be delivered in the Association Room, by Mr. F. Vickerman, from Honley, at six o’clock in the evening.

LITTLETOWN. — Two sermons will be preached in the Association Room, on Sunday (to-morrow), when a collection will be made after eaoh sermon, towards defraying the expences of the room.

HEYWOOD. — Mr. Heywood will preach two sermons in the National Charter Association Room, Harrley-street, on Sunday, Nov. 6th, at half-past two and six o’clock.

BIRMINGHAM. — Mr. Wm. Parkes will lecture at Aston-street, on Sunday night, and at Bromsgrove on Monday night.

SIDDALL. — On Sunday (to-morrow) Mr. Joseph Collings will preach in the Association room, at six o’clock in the evening, Ou Monday, Nov. 7th, there will be a tea party held in the above place—tea to be on the table at six o’clock.

LOWER WARLEY. - Mr. Butterley will preach here on Sunday (to-morrow) at two o'clock in the afternoon.

HALIFAX. — On Monday, Nov, 7th, there will be a ball held in the large room, Swan Coppice, for the benefit of a distressed fomily ; to commence at seven o’clock in the evening. Admittance three-pence each.

QUEENSHEAD. — On Sunday (to-morrow) Mr. C. Shackleton will preach in the Association Room, Street end, at six o’clock in the evening.

Mr. Smyth will lecture at Manningham at two o’clock on Sunday afternoon.

On Sunday next, Mr. Smyth will lecture at Little Horton at six o’clock in the evening.

LITTLETOWN. — Two sermons will be preached by Mr. J. Stansfield, on Sunday next, in the Association Room, when a collection will be made after each sermon towards defraying the expenoes of the room.

OLDHAM. — Public Lectures.—A course of three lectures will be delivered in the Town Hall on Monday and Wednesday next, and on Monday, Nov. 7th, by Mr. Jamts Leach, of Manchester. Subject— “The evils of class-legislation on society, and the remedy for the same.”

LEEDS. — Mr. T. B. Smith will preach a sermon tomorrow afternoon, at half-past two o’clock, in the Chartist Room, Cheapside ; and, in the evening, a well-known advocate of the people will preach at the same place, at half-pas: six o’clock.

ARMLEY. — Mr. Baron will preach here to-morrow evening, at half-past six o’clock.

SHEFFIELD. — Fig Tree Lane, —Two lectures or, “the Land” will be delivered by a well known and talented champion of the democratic cause, on Sunday and Monday evenings at half-past seven o’clock.

A Members’ Meeting will be held in the above room on Tuesday evening, to nominate the members of the General Council for the ensuing year.

WEST RIDING MEETING OF COLLIERS. — A small hand-bill, of which the following is a copy, has been left here. We understand that it has been plentifully circulated through the riding. We observe that it bears no imprint :—

" A public meeting of the colliers of the West-Riding will be held on the plot of ground opposite the Woodman Inn, Wood-street, Wakefield, on Monday, November 7th, 1842, for the purpose of taking into consideration the distress of the coal-miners, and adopting a petition to Parliament. Let unity, peace, law, and order, be your motto.

“ A delegate meeting will be held at the Griffin Inn, as soon as the above meeting is concluded. Each Colliery is requested to appoint a delegate to attend, and those who have not subscribed their share of the expences will please to do so, and send it to the delegate meeting.

" The committee will meet at eight o’clock in the morning, to receive and give information, &c.

“ All communications to be addressed to the colliers, Griffin Inn, Northgate, Wakefield.”
