LONDON. - MARYLEBONE. - Mr. Wheeler will lecture at the Working Men's Hall, on Sunday evening.

OLD BAILEY.- On Sunday next, Mr. Bolwell, of Bath, will deliver a lecture at 55, Old Bailey, at seven o'clock in the evening.

On TUESDAY evening a lecture will be delivered at the same place, at eight o'clock.

On WEDNESDAY evening the Teetotal Chartists meet at eight o'clock.

THE CITY OF LONDON LOCAL VICTIM FUND COMMITTEE meet every Sunday morning, and Tuesday evenings, at 55, Old Bailey.

THE PAVILLION theatre has been taken for the beneit of the political victims, by the Tower Hamlet Chartists, and several ecxellent pieces will be produced on Wednesday, Oct. 26th.

A GRAND Concert, with other amusement, will be held at 55, Old Bailey, on Tuesday Evening, Oct. 27. Tickets sixpence each. The lottery will be conducted on the principle of all prizes and no blanks; the proceeds to b devoted to the benefit of the political victims. Many of the articles to be disposed of are of considerable value.

BUCK'S HEAD LOCALITY. - A few of the members of the late Buck's Head Locality, intend opening a new locality on Sunday next, at seven o'clock in the evening, at the Norfolk Arms beer house, Cheshire-street, corner of White-street, near the Woodman, Waterloo-town.

BLACK BULL INN, HAMMERSMITH ROAD. - A public meeting will be held on Monday evening next, to consider the propriety of convening a district public meeting, and to take such other steps as may be deemed necessary at this important crisis. All the members residing in this locality are requested to attend.

NEWINGTON LOCALITY. - A lecture will be delivered by Mr. Sewel, on Tuesday evening next, at the Crown and Anchor, Cross-street.

BOROUGH. - Ruffy Ridley will lecture on Tuesday evening, at the Star Coffee House, Union-street.

BRICK LANE. — Mr. Fussell will lecture, on Sunday evening, at the Carpenters’ Arms.

BERMONDSEY. — A public meeting will be held at the Ship Tavern, on Monday next, to elect a delegate to the Metropolitan Delegate meeting.

LAMBETH. - Messrs. Keet and Morley have presented a very valuable glass jug to be raffled for-for the benefit of the victims, on Monday evening next, at 1, China Walk.

Mr. JAMES will deliver a lecture on Saturday, (this day,) at 1, China Walk.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture at the Working Mens Hall, Circus-street, on Sunday evening.

FINSBURY-(Cannon Coffee-house.) — The Chartists of this locality will please to attend on Monday evening next.

HALIFAX. — On Sunday (to-morrow,) Mr. Butterley will preach in the large room, Swan Coppice, at six o’clock in the evening.

QUEENSHEAD. — On Sunday, (to-morrow,) Mr. Wallace will preach in the Association Room, Street-end, at six o’clock in the evening.

SIDDALL. — On Sunday, (to-morrow,) Mr. A. Hanson will preach in the Association Room, at six o’clock in the evening.

TEA PARTY. — On Monday, Nov. 7, there will be a tea party held in the above room, after which the friends will be addressed by Messrs. Hanson, Wallace, and Butterley.

Mr. RUFFY RIDLEY will lecture on Monday evening, to the St. Pancras Chartists, at their new rooms, Tottenham-court-road.

Mr. FRAZIER will lecture on Tuesday evening, at the Working Man’s Hall. 191, Mile-end Road.

DEWSBURY. — Two lectures will be delivered on Monday the 24th, in the Largo Room, over the Cooperative Stores, by Messrs. Brook and Bray, of Huddersfield, on the benefits arising from cooperation. Chair to be taken at half-past seven o'clock precisely.

N.B. - Owing to the numerous applications for shares belonging to the Stores, the directors will sit from eight to eleven every Saturday night, to receive contributions. Shares £1 each, taken as low as threepence per week.

DEWSBURY DISTRICT. — A counsel meeting will be held on Sunday, Oct. 30th, in the Largo Room over the Stores, at two o’clock in the afternoon; delegates are requested to attend from all parts of the district.

HOLLINGWORTH. — The residents in Hollingworth, Mottram, and the surrounding neighbourhood, are requested to attend at their rooms, on Sunday next, at one o’clock, on business of great importance.

NEWCASTLE. — Mr. H. Hobson, will preach Mr. Russell's funeral sermon in the Chartists Hall, Goat lun, Cloth Market, on Sunday evening, at seven o’clock.

Mr. WM. CUNNINGHAM will lecture at Almondbury on Saturday, (to-day), at half-past-six.

Mr. LISTER will visit Thurstonland on Sunday, at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon; Honley, Sunday, the 30th; and Yew Green, on Sunday, November the 6th.

Mr. EDWARD CLAYTON will lecture at Kirkheaton on Sunday (to-morrow), at six o'clock; Thurstonland, Sunday 30th, at half-past two in the afternoon; and at Almondbury Town Hall, on Monday, Nov. 7th, at half-past seven o’clock.

STOCKPORT. — Mr. James Mitchell will lecture at the Association room, Bamber’s Brow, at six o'clock to-morrow evening (Sunday).

NOTICE. — The Evening Star is read daily at the Association room, Bamber’s Brow.

THE FRIENDS at Heaton Norris are informed that the Northern Star, Evening Star, Chartist Circular, and all other out and out democratic journals, together with the London Times, will be raad every night at the house of Mr. James Mitchell, Heaton-lane. This arrangement has been made to accomodate those who live a great distance from the Association room.

BRISTOL. — Mr. F. W. Simeon will deliver a lecture on Sunday evening next, in Bear-lane Chapel, at half-past six.

A LECTURE will be delivered on Sunday next, at Manningham, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

Mr. RUFFY RIDLEY will lecture at the Star Coffee House, Union-street, on Tuesday next.

SELBY. — A camp meeting will be held here on Sunday next.

FIG-TREE-LANE. — On Sunday evening, Mr. George Julian Harney will give an account ot his college studies while at Kirkdale, commencing at half-past seven o’clock.

Mr. SAMUEL PARKES will deliver an address on Monday evening, to commence at half-past eight o'clock.

A MEMBERS’ meeting will he held on Tuesday Evening, at eight o’clock.

BIRMINGHAM. — On Sunday morning next, at ten o’clock, the room in Aston-street will be open, when the papers will be read.

A RAFFLE will take place at the Ship, sixpence a member, for a portrait of Feargus O'Connor, Esq., splendidly framed; the proceeds to be given to the defence fund.

THE SOUTH LANCASHIRE DELEGATE MEETING will be held in the Brown-street Chartist Room, on Sunday (to-morrow) when it is particularly requested that each locality will send a delegate.

SUNDERLAND. - On Sunday afternoon Mr Williams will lecture on the Town Moor, at half-past two o’clock. A collection will be made for the General Defence Fund. On Monday evening a public meeting will be held in the Arcade Room, Messrs. Williams, Taylor and Chapple will address it.

LEEDS. — Mr. Dean Taylor will preach two sermons to-morrow afternoon, at half-past two, and in the evening at six o’clock, in the room, Cheapside.

ARMLEY. - Mr. Baron will lecture here on Monday night, at half-past seven o’clock.

HOLBECK. — A sermon will be preached by Mr. Sheridan Nussey, on Sunday evening, at half-past six o’clock.

KEIGHLEY DISTRICT. — The next delegate meeting of this district will be held in the Working Man's Hall, Sun-street, Keighley, on Sunday, October the 30th, at ten o’clock in the forenoon.

Mr. WM. CUNNINGHAM will lecture this evening in the Town Hall, Aldmonbury.

A LECTURE will be delivered in the Association Room, Thurstonland, by Mr. Lister, on Sunday, (to-morrow) at half-past two o'clock.

Mr. F. VICKERMAN, one of the Honley local lecturers, will visit the following placed during the week:- Newark, Monday October the 24th; Worksop, the 25th; Chesterfield, the 26th; Mansfield, the 27th; Matlock, the 28th.