HUDDERSFIELD. — Prospects of the People — An address will be delivered, and a friendly conversation held, in the Hall of Science, Bath Buildings, on Sunday, October 31st, at half-past two o’clock, with a view to promote a union of sentiment amongst Good men of all classes. Messrs. Bronterre O’Brien, Henry Vincent, and others, will attend and take part in the conversation. In the evening, at half-past six o’clock, a lecture will be delivered by Mr. Bronterre O’Brien; admittance, one penny. A soiree will take place on Monday evening, in the Hall of Science, Bath Buildings in honour of that indomitable patriot and unceasing foe of tyranny, Bronterre O’Brien. Tea to be on the table at six o’clock, and dancing to commence at eight. Tickets for the soiree— ladies, 9d.; and gentlemen, 1s. each, to be had at the following places - Mr. Pitkethly, Buxton Road ; Tinker, Market Walk ; K Clayton, West Parade; Joseph Bray’s, Upperhead Row ; the Association Room ; the Temperance Hotel, Paddock; Mr. C. Wood’s, Honley; the Association Rooms, Holmfirth, Lepton, Meltham, &o. Mr. O’Brien will also lecture on Tuesday evening, in the Hall of Science, Bath Buildings, at eight o’clock, on the cause of the present state of sooiety.

Chartist Lectures will be delivered in the following places - Beeston, Monday evening, November the 1st.; Lancaster, Tuesday, the 2nd.; Clitheroe, Wednesday, the 3rd.; Sabden, Thursday, the 4th.; Barnoldswick, Friday, the 5th.; Colne, Saturday, the 6th.; Accrington, Monday, the 8th.; Bacup, Tuesday, the 9th; Burnley, Wednesday, the 10th; Harwood, Thursday, the 11th.; Blackburn, Friday, the 12th.; Chorley, Saturday, the 13th.

GLASGOW. — The committee of the stone masons in Glasgow begs leave to state to the readers of the Star In Glasgow, that they will have a concert in the Lyceum Rooms, for the benefit of their Reading Room, on the night of November the 8th.

Mr. Doyle will lecture in Stockport on Sunday, the 31st of October; in Mottram, on Monday, the 1st of November; in Hazlegrove, on Tuesday ; in Macclesfield, on Wednesday; in Congleton, on Thursday; and in Hanley on Friday. Mr. Doyle begs leave to inform his friends in Lancashire that he can no longer fulfil his engagements in that district.

STROUD. — The Chartists of Stroud met, as usual, on Monday night, when it was unanimously agreed that the county delegate meeting which was to be held the first Sunday in November will be held in their room, on Sunday, October 31st, at half-past ten o’clock in the morning. The delegates are particularly requested to be in attendance, as Mr. Millsom will deliver an address in the evening of Sunday, at five o’clock, in the Stroud Charter Association-room. 

SEGHILL AND CRAMLINGTON. — On Sunday afternoon, at two o’clock, Mr. Williams, of Sunderland, will address the people of this place, at Seghill Bridge, should the weather permit.

LIFE BOAT HOUSE, SUNDERLAND. — Mr. Binns will leoture here, weather permitting, at half-past two o’clock on Sunday afternoon.

ARCADE. — The usual weekly meeting will be held on Tuesday evening.

HANLEY, STAFFORDSHIRE. — The delegate meeting noticed by a resolution inserted in the Star of the 16th inst., calling upon the various districts in the Counties of Stafford and Salop will take place on Sunday, the 31st of October, for the purpose of adopting the best means of electing a delegate for the forthcoming Convention to sit in London, and for collecting funds for the same—the postponement of the meeting from the 24th to the 31st is unavoidable. The delegates will bear in mind that the meeting will take place at Stafford, at the house of Mr. Wm. Peplow, boot and shoemaker, Friar-street, at ten in the morning; and it is desired that the Chartists of Wolverhampton, Bilston, Wednes-bury, Darlaston, Newport, Stafford, &c. &c., will endeavour to send delegates, as business of importance will have to be done.

Mr. Leech will lecture in Stalybridge, on Monday, the 1st of November, at eight o’clock; at Hyde, on Tuesday, the 2nd ; at Mossley, on Wednesday, the 3rd; at Leigh, on Thursday, the 4th. He will be in Ripponden on Monday, the 8th ; in Huddersfield, Tuesday the 9th ; in Leeds, Wednesday, the 10th; in Selby, Thursday, the 11th ; in Hull, Friday, the 12th ; and will sail per packet from Hull, and be in London on the 14th; and will meet tffe other members of the Executive on th 15th.

LONDON. — A conoert will take place on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock, at Mr. Webster’s, Black Eagle, Parish-street, for the benefit of a poor Chartist, who has been unfortunate. Tickets, 3d. each, can be had of Mr. Jeanes, of the Bermondsey Charter Association, and of Mr. Wise, 55, Old Bailey.

FINSBURY. — Mr. Wm. Balls will deliver a lecture to the Chartists of Finsbury on Monday evening next, at Lunt’s Coffee House, Clerkenwell Green. Discussion is earnestly invited.

	The Shareholders and Committee of the Finsbury Lecture Room are requested to meet at Lunt’s Coffee House, Clerkenwell Green, on Friday evening, November 5, to elect a new Committee and officers, and on other business.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — On Sunday next, Mr. J. Richards, of Pendleton, will deliver a lecture in the Association-room, Catherine Street.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr. Skevington will lecture in the room, Fig Tree Lane, on Sunday evening, October 31st. Chartists attend, and welcome an old and tried friend.

ECCLESFIELD. — Mr. Julian Harney will address a public meeting of the inhabitants of Ecclesfield, at two o’clock in the afternoon of Monday, the 1st of November.

FINSBURY. — Lectures and discussion next Monday evening, at Lunt’s Coffee House, Clerkenwell Green.

WESTMINSTER. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture at the Charter Coffee-house, Stretton-ground, on Sunday evening next, at eight o’clock.

ST. PANCRAS. — Mr. Stallwood will lecture at the association rooms, Feathers, Warren-street, on Sunday. Subject—“ Necessity of a change.”

WALWORTH. — Mr. Ridley will lecture at the Montpelier Tavern, on Monday. 

HACKNEY. — Mr. Ridley will lecture to the Chartists assembling at Wilson’s Temperance Hotel, on Tuesday.

CHELSEA. — Mr. Dallibar will lecture at the United Coffee-house, George-street, on Sunday evening.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. John Watkins will lecture on Sunday evening next, at the Working Men’s Hall, Circus-street, at half-past seven o’clock.

DEPTFORD. — Mr. Morton will lecture at the Pilot, High-street, on Wednesday evening at eight o’clock, on the present distressed state of the country.

LAMBETH. — A lecture will be delivered at the Chartist Hall, 1, China Walk, on Sunday evening, at half-past seven o’clock; ana on Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock.

The North and East Riding Delegate Meeting will be held at York, on Sunday, the 31st inst., at eleven o dock in the forenoon, in the Charter Association-room, Ebor Tavern, Straker’s Passage, Fossgate, when it is requested that delegates from as many towns, in the above Ridings as possibly can will be present, as business of importance will be brought forward, and a lecturer appointed. Four candidates are already up for the office.

CITY OF LONDON. - Mr. Watkins will preach in the Institute, 55, Old Bailey, on Sunday.

	Mr. Rainsley will lecture at the Joan of Arc, Corner of Park-place, East-street, Walworth; on Wednesday, November 3rd.

Mr. Dean Taylor’s Route. —Mr. Taylor will preach in Mansfield Market Place, on Sunday, October 31st., at two o’clock in the afternoon, in the Chartist-room, at Sutton-in-Ashfield, at six o’clock in the evening; on Monday, at one o’clock, at Eastfield Side ; at Shegby, at five o’clock: Tues-day, att Hucknall-under-Luthwaite; Wednesday, at Worksop; and on Thursday, at Mansfield Woodhouse. 

FINSBURY. — The shareholders of the Co-operative Stores Society, are requested to meet at Lunt’s Coffeehouse, Clerkenwell-Green, on Friday evening, Nov. 5th, 1841, at eight o'clock.

BRADFORD AND NEIGHBOURHOOD. — Mr. Jennings will lecture in the large room of the North Tavern, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock. On Monday evening, at eight o'clock, Mr. Alderson and Mr. Flynn will lecture at Delf Hole. Mr. Dewhurst will lecture at Bradford Moor on Monday, at eight o’clock in the evening, Mr, Smyth and Mr. Hodgings will lecture , at Idle, on Monday, at seven o’clock in the evening. Mr. George Flynn will lecture at Clayton, on Wednesday; at seven o’clock in the evening. The Chartists of Clayton and,Thornton are revested to attend this lecture. Free admission. Disoussion invited.

NEW LEEDS. — The Female Chartists of New Leeds will meet at their usual place of meeting, on Sunday next, at half-past two o’clock. The Chartists resident in Manchester Road, are requested to attend on Monday evening, at eight o’clock, at the house of Mr. White, West Gate, on business of importance,

STANNINGLEY. — On Sunday next, Mr. Dewhirst will deliver a lecture in Stanningley, at six o’clock in the evening, on the evils of class legislation. After the lecture, the enrolment of members will take place, and cards of membership will be delivered out.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Edward Clarke, of Manchester, will lecture in the Charter Association-room, School Lane, on Sunday, at half-past two.

WALWORTH. — A public lecture will be delivered on Monday evening, by Mr Ruffy Ridley, at the Montpelier Tavern, Walworth, at eight o’clock ; and it is particularly requested that the members will punctually attend at seven o’clock, for the purpose of electing a delegate to the General Council.

ECCLESTON. — Mr. Alderson and Mr. Ibbetson will leoture here on Monday evening, Nov. 1st., at seven o’clock in the evening.

NOTTINGHAM. - Mr. Joseph Burbage will lecture next Monday night, in the Chapel, Rice Place, at eight o’clock. 

