LONDON. - A meeting of delegates from any localities in the metropolitan or adjoining counties will be held at the Chartist Hall, 55, Old Bailey, on Sunday next, to take into consideration the best means of organizing the above counties and also to consider the propriety of holding a monthly meeting of delegates from the above district.

Mr. J. Campbell will lecture on Sunday evening for the Somerstown locality, at the Goldbeater’s Arms, Old St. Pancras Road.

WATERLOO-TOWN. — Mr. Fussell will lecture at the Norfolk Arms, Cheshire-street, on Sunday evening, at seven o’clock, on the Rights of Woman.

Mr. Muntz will lecture on Sunday evening at the Horn's Tavern, Crucifix Lane, subject, the "British Constitution."

Mr. Campbell will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Goldbeaters’ Arms, Somerstown.

Mr. M'Grath will lecture at the Crown and Anchor, Cheshire-street, Waterloo Town, on Sunday evening next, at half-past eight o’clock.

A Public Meeting will be held in furtherance of the cause of Chartism, in the large room of the Black Bull Inn, Hammersmith Road, on Monday evening next. Mr. T. M. Wheeler, and other advocates, will address the meeting.

Mr. John Campbell will lecture at the Goldbeater’s Arms, St. Pancras Road, on Sunday (tomorrow) evening.

The Victim Committee of Somer's Town have made arrangements for another harmonic meeting, for the benefit of the wives and families of the prisoners, which will take place at Mr. Bristow's, Cheshire Cheese, Philip’s Buildings, Somer’s Town, on Monday next ; admission twopence.

Mr. Hunnible will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Shoemakers’ Clock House, Castle-street, Leicester Square.

Mr. M’Grath will lecture on Monday evening, at the St. Pancras Chartist Rooms, 59, Tottenham Court Road.

Mr. Brown will lecture on Monday evening, at the Black Bull, Hammersmith Road.

A lecture will be delivered on Tuesday evening, at the Working Men’s Hall, Kingston, by a Gentleman from London.

A special meeting of the Chartists of Limehouse will take place at the School Room, Limehouse Causeway, on Tuesday evening next.

Mu. Ruffy Ridley will lecture at the Star Coffee House, Lemon-street, Borough, on Tuesday next.

OLD BAILEY. — The committee of shareholders meet for the purpose of raising means by shares of five shillings each, for the purpose of taking a large Hall, the present being quite inefficient.

On Tuesday, a concert will take place, for the purpose of raising the funds of the Association.

On Thursday, a discussion will take place. The subject will be, that woman is constitutionally qualified to exercise political functions, between Mr. T. Powell and Mr. L. Cowan. 

A public meeting wiil be held at the Britannia, Upper Chapman-street, St. George's-in-the-East, on Sunday evening, at seven o’clock, to elect a delegate to the Metropolitan Delegate Meeting, in the place of Mr. W. H. Wilkins, resigned.

1 CHINA WALK, LAMBETH. — A lecture will be delivered at this place on Tuesday, at half-past eight o'clock in the evening; after which business of the greatest importance connected with the members of this locality will be brought before the meeting.

WADSWORTH. — On Sunday, (to-morrow), the Rev, W, V. Jackson, from Manchester, will preach three sermons in the Chartist room.

EAST AND NORTH RIDINGS. — Mr. J. H. R. Bair-stow will visit the following places during the week, namely, - Hull on Monday; Beverley on Tuesday; Holme on Wednesday; and Pocklington on Thursday and Friday.	

The Chartists of York intend having a ball in their Association Room, Ebor Tavern, Fossgate, on the evening of Martinmas Day, when they hope to receive the support of all Chartists visiting York on that day from the East and North Ridings. Tickets may be had at the room.

TODMORDEN. — Mr. James Leach will deliver two lectures in the Odd-Fellows’-hall, on Sunday, November the 13th, at two o’clock and at six.

BRADFORD. — A meeting of the members of the General Council will be held in the large room, Butterworth’s-buildings, at seven o’clock on Monday evening, on business of importance. Tho various localities are requested to notice the members of Council to attend.

BIRMINGHAM. — The Chartists meeting at the Washington Rooms, Hill-street, are requested to meet at Mr. Fussell’s, 80, Bardsley-street, on Sunday, at half-past ten in the morning, on business of importance.

KIRKHEATON. — Mr. Edward Clayton will lecture in the Association Room, Kirkheaton. on Sunday, to-morrow, at six o’clock. Subject — Past history, present position, and future prospects of Chartism. Discussion invited.

ALMONDBURY. — Edward Clayton will lecture in the Town-hall, Almondbury, on Monday evening next, at seven o’clock.

YEW GREEN. — Edward Clayton will lecture at the Shipwreck Inn, Yew Green, on Wednesday next, at half-past seven o’clock.

HEYWOOD. — Two sermons will be preached in the Chartist Ream, on Sunday next, by Mr. W. Hey wood, at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon, and six o’clock in the evening,

LIVERPOOL. — A Chartist ball will be held in the Association Room, Preston-street, next Monday, Dancing to commence at eight o’clock ; doors to open at seven ; tickets 6d. each.

BRADFORD. — Mr. Hammond will preach a sermon in the large room, Butterworth’s Buildings, on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.

MOTTRAM. — At the council meeting, on Sunday, the secretary was instructed to call the class-leaders and members together on Sunday, November 6th, at two o’clock in the afternoon, on business of the most vital importance.

HOLLINWOOD. — On Saturday (this) evening there will be a public tea-party in the Chartist room, Ralph-green, in commemoration of the birthday of Henry Hunt. Tickets, males 8d, females 6d. each ; may be had of Joseph Raynor, Ashton Ashton, Robert Whitehead, and John Garlick.

Mr. Edward Clark, of Manchester, will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Room, Ralph-Green, Hollinwood, on Sunday evening next, Nov. 6.

THE NORTH LANCASHIRE DELEGATE MEETING will be held at Mr. Richard Hasping's Temperance Hotel, Derwen-street, Blackburn, on Sunday, the 13th of November.

BRISTOL. — Mr. Bloore will deliver a lecture in Bear-lane Chapel, on Sunday evening, at half-past six o'clock, on the past and present state of Chartism. Admission free.

OLDHAM. — On Monday next, at eight o’clock in the evening, Mr. Leach of Manchester, will deliver his third lecture in the Town-hall, Oldham; subject —“ The remedy for the evils which class legislation has produced."

Mr. R. G. Gammage, of Northampton, will deliver lectures at the following places :— Brighton, Nov. 9th and 10th; Lewes, 11th; Tunbridge Wells, 12th and 13th.	

On Saturday (this evening,) the Chartists’ meeting at the Runcliffe Arms, Nottingham, intend celebrating the birth-day of the late Henry Hunt, Esq. It is requested tnat all members will attend at eight o’clock.

Mr. B. Butterley will lecture in Luddenden, on Saturday (this day), at eight o’clock in the evening.

UPPER WARLEY. — Mr. B. Butterley will preach at this place on Sunday, (to-morrow), at two o’clock in the afternoon.

QUEEN'S HEAD. — Mr. B. Butterley will preach here on Sunday, at six o’clock in the evening.

HALIFAX. — Mr. C. Shackleton will preach here to-morrow (Suuday), at six o'clock in the evening.

LEEDS DISTRICT. — A Delegate Meeting of this district will be held to-morrow morning, at ten o’clock.

BARNSLEY. - A tea party and ball will be held at the Odd Fellows' Hall, on Tuesday next, for the benefit of the Political Victims. Tickets to the tea party, 1s. each, may be had of Mr. Peter Hoey, Queen-street ; Mr. Thomas Lingard, news agent, New Street ; and of the Committee. Admission to the ball, 6d each. Tea on the table at five o'clock. The Ball to commence at half-past seven precisely. Mr. Richard Otley and Mr. George Julian Harney are expected to attend.

MANCHESTER. - The monthly meeting of Chartists will be held in the Carpenters' Hall, on Sunday (to-morrow) at ten o'clock in the forenoon, when it is requested that the members will be punctual in their attendance, as the quarter's accounts will be brought before the meeting.

STOCKPORT. - The Cheshire favourite, Mr. Christopher Doyle, will lecture here, on Sunday next, at six o'clock.

Lectures will be delivered at the following places by an "Hater of Oppression" : - On Saturday, Nov. 5th, at Birstal ; Sunday, the 6th, at Dewsbury, in the large room over the Stores, at six in the evening ; Monday the 7th, at Horbury ; Tuesday, at Wakefield ; Wednesday, at Littletown. 


