Bronterre O’Brien. — This distinguished patriot will. attend a meeting at the Crown and Anchor Tavern, London, on Monday Evening next, —Admission to the body of the room 2d.; tickets for the pUtform 6d* . The surplus to go to the “ Press Fund.’ A working-man in the chair.

Mr. Edmund Stallwood, the East and North Riding Lecturer, will visit the following places during the ensuing month - Hull, 8th and 22nd Nov.; Beverley, 9th and 23rd Nov.; Market Weighton, 1Oth and 24th Nov.: Pocklington, 11th Nov. and 1st Dec.; Howden, 12th, 13th, 14th Nov. and 2nd Dec.; Selby; 15th Nov. and Dec. 3rd ; Leeds, 16th Nov., 4th and 5th Dec.; Knaresborough, 17th Nov.; Ripon, 18th; Boroughbridge, 19th Nov.; York. 20th; and 21st Nov.; Driffield, 25th Nov.; Bridlington,26th Nov,; Scarborough, 27th and 28th Nov.; Malton, 22th and 30th Nov.

LAMBETH. — Mr. William Carrier will lecture at the Chartist China Walk, on Sunday morning, at eight o’clock precisely. A lecture will be delivered on Tuesday evening at eight o’clock — A special general meeting of the Council will be held at 1, China-walk, Lambeth,.to take into consideration the address of the Executive, and other important business relating to the counties of Surrey, and Kent. —Our Correspondent should have said when.	

FINSBURY. — The Chartists of Finsbury are informed that no meeting of the members will take place on Monday, Nov. the 8th, on Account of Mr. Carrier’s ball and concert. Any members having business to transact, can meet the council on Wednesday, the 10th instant.

DARLINGTON. — A public meeting will be hold on Monday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock in the Association Room, above Mr. Bragg’s shop, PrieBt-gate, for, the purpose of adopting the National Petition of the industrious classes. A mumerous meeting is requested. 

LONDON. — Mr. Benbow will lecture to the. Shoemakers’ Charter Association, at ihe Star Coffee House, Golden-lane, on Sunday evening, at eight o’clock.

MOTTRAM. — Mr. James Wheeler, from Manchester, will deliver an address on Sunday, the 14th of November, and will be accompanied by Mr. Bailey, the champion of the Charter, who will deliver a lecture at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon.	

BEDLINGTON. — Mr. Williams, of Sunderland, will, on Saturday afternoon, address the friends of this place, at the Cross, weather permitting ; and on Sunday morning and afternoon, at the same place.

SUNDERLAND. — Mr. Binns will speak at the Life Boat House, at half-past two ; and, on Tuesday evening, at the Arcade. Several friends will address the meeting.	

CRAMLINGTON AND SEGHILL. — In consequence of the extreme wetness of the weathern on Sunday morning last, Mr, Williams was unable to visit those places; but he trusts at an early day to make atonement for this disappointment.

TROWBRIDGE. — The Council of the National Charter Association in this town, have agreed to have the portrait of Robert Emmett raffled for on Monday evening, the 15th instant, and the money to be appropriated in purchasing petition sheets for the National Petition. As that noble patriot bled and died for the cause of freedom ; they think the money could not be put to a better-purpose. 

Delegate Meeting. — An adjourned meeting of delegates, for the counties of Warwick and Worcester, will be held in Birmingham, on Sunday, Nov. 28th, when all towns are expected to seha representatives without fail. The following estimate of the probable signatures which would be received iu each place, has been made by the assembled delegates in Birmingham, on Holiday last; and calculating 200 signatures to each sheet, the parties will know the number they require. They will'be 2d. each. The money is requested to be sent in as soon as possible - Birmingham, 50,000 ; Stourbridge, 6,000; Wednesbury, 3,000 ; Bilston, 10,000; Bromsgrove, 3,000; Walsall, 6,000; Kidderminster, 8,000 ; Redditch, 3,000; Coventry. 6,000 ; Nuneaton and Kenilworth, 6,000; Warwick and Leamington, 6,000; Wolverhampton, 6,000 ; Stafford, 4,0U0 ; total, 117,000.

DEPTFORD. — Mr. Keene will lecture here on Tuesday evening next, at eight o’clock.	

The South Lancashire Delegate Meeting will take place on Sunday morning. November 14th, at half-past ten o’clock, in the Chartist Rooms, Brown-street, near St. Andrew’s Church, Manchester, when every locality is desiied to send delegates.

HUNSLET. — Mr. J. Parker, of Leeds, is expected to preach in the Temperance News Ftoom, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr. Beale will lecture- in the large room. Fig Tree-lane, on Sunday evening, at seven o clock.

	Free Discussion. - On Monday evening, Mr. Gill will propose for discussion, the following subject: - That under wise and necessary regulations, paper money is more advantageous than gold, to a commercial community.

	General Council. - A general meeting of the association members, will be held on Tuesday evening, at half-past seven o'clock, in the room, Fig Tree Lane, to nominate the general Council.

DONCASTER. — A funeral sermon for the late respited secretary of this place, Mr. R. A. Coulson, will be preached in the association room on Sunday, by Mr, Charles Buckley.

HALIFAX. — Mr. B. Rushton will preach in the Charter Institution, to-morrow, at six o’clock in the evening.

HALIFAX. Delegate Meeting; — A district delegate meeting will be held in the Charter Institution, Swan Coppice, on Sunday, the 7th of Nov. at two o'clock in the afternoon, when delegates from the following places, are requested to attend, Sowerby, Midgley, Warley, Stainland, Norland, Elland, Northowram, Southowram, Ovenden, Illingworth, Queenshead, and Mixenden.

CHELSEA. -  United Coffee-House, George-Street. — Mr. Dowling will lecture here bn Sunday next, at seven o’clock precisely.

ST. PANCRAS. — A lecture wiil be delivered by Mr. Martin, at the association rooms, Feathers, Warren-street, on Sunday, November the 7th, at eight o’clock. Subject, “ True patriotism."

TOWER HAMLETS. — Ruffey Ridley will lecture on the past and present condition of the working classes of this country, on Sunday evening next, at the Carpenter’s Arms, Brick-lane.

LIMEHOUSE. — Mr. Fussell will lecture at the school-room, Limehouse-Causeway, on Tuesday, Nov. 9th.

WESTMINSTER. — A lecture will be delivered at the Charter Coffee-house, Sfcretton-ground, on Sunday next, by Mr. Martin.

HACKNEY. — Mr. Balls will lecture at Weston’s Temperance Hotel, on Tuesday next, at eight o’clock precisely. 	.

LONGCROFT PLACE, BRADFORD. — Mr. Joseph Alderson will preach in this place on Sunday evening, at six o’clock, when a collection will be made in behalf of George Flinn, now lying in the Leeds Infirmary. 

BRADFORD. — Mr. Smyth will lecture in the large room of the North Tavern, on Sunday evening, at six o'clock on the Repeal of the Union and the People’s Charter. —Mr. Arran and Mr. Edwards will Lecture at White Abbey, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock. Discussion invited, and free admission. —Mr. Jennings will lecture at the Association Room, Bowling, on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock. —-Mr. Alderson will lecture at Mr. Sedgwick’s, Three Pigeons, Middleton Fields, on Monday evening, at eight o'clock.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Rankin, of Salford, will lecture on Sunday next, at half-past two o'clock in the afternoon. 

BURY. — Mr.Bailey, from Manchester, will give a lecture in the Garden-street Lecture Room, (late Working Men’s Hall) on Monday, Nov. 8th, at eight O’clock in the evening.

MIDDLESBOROUGH. — A delegate meeting will beheld here on Sunday, at the Working Men’s Reading Room, Newcastle Row. The chair to be taken at one o'clock, when delegates are expected from Hartlepool, Stockton, Stokesley, and Woolviston. The delegates are to be prepared to answer the following questions 1st. How many cards of membership-will be wanted in your locality? 2nd. How many Executive Journals? 

COUNTY OF CHESTER. — A delegate meeting will be held in the National Charter Association Room, Moody-street, Congleton, on Sunday, the 14th inst., when delegates from the following places are requested to attend, viz.: —Mottram, Hazlegrove, Stockport, Macclesfield, Congleton, Hanley, and Potteries, and other towns wishing the services of a lecturer. All letters; to be addressed to Mr. John Burgess, sub-Secretary, Chartist Association, Moody-street, Congleton.
