NOTICE OF MR. O’CONNOR’S FORTHCOMING ARRANGEMENTS.

Mr. O'Connor win address the Chartists of Oldham at eight o’clock on Monday evening the 22nd November; Rochdale on Thursday, the 23rd; Bolton, on Wednesday, the 24th; Stockport, on Thursday, the 25th; and Ashton, on Friday the 26th upon the necessity of a repeal of the Legislative Union ; and Upon the subject of a landed provision for all who may he displaced from work; as also upon the subject of the National Petition, and our present position. On Monday, the 29th, Mr. O’Connor will be at Bradford; on Tuesday, at Huddersfield ; Wednesday, Halifax; Thursday, Dewsbury; Friday, Barnsley; and:Saturday, Sheffield. The Committees of those several places may; make any better arrangements which may suggest themselves as1 to altering the days, with which Mr. O’Connor will most cheerfully acquiesce. At all meetings in the evening he will remain to enrol new members, and hopes each place will take care to be provided with petition sheets that signatures may be obtained. Thus, as promised in York, he intends to make a tour of practical work.

Mr. O’Connor suggests the propriety of abandoning all thoughts of open-air meetings in consequence of the advanced state of the winter season. Rochdale and Bradford may perhaps form an exception, as arrangements have been already made in those towns.	

SUNDERLAND. — Life Boat House. — On Sunday afternoon Mr. Williams will lecture here at HalF past Two o’clock ; and on Tuesday evening in the Arcade Room.

SOUTH SHIELDS. — On Tuesday evening Mr. Binns will lecture.

Mr. Edmund Stallwood, the East and North Riding lecturer, will visit the following places during the following week namely, York. Monday, the 15th; Leeds, Tuesday, the 16th: Knaresbro’, 17th; Boroughbxidge, 18th ; and York on the 19th and 20th.

An East and North-Riding delegate, meeting will be held at Market-Weighton, on Sunday, the 21st inst., at Ten o’clock in the forenoon, when it is expected that delegates will be present from every town in the above Ridings. Those places which cannot send delegates must send letters. All communications to be addressed (until Friday the 19th) 46 Mr. Edward Burley, 19, Bilton-street, Layer-thorp, York.

LONDON. — Godwin Barmby, Esq. will lecture at the Working-men’s Hall, Circus-street, New Road, on Sunday evening next, at Seven o’clock.

Mr. N. Powell , will visit Falmouth on Monday, the 15th; Helstone, Tuesday, the 16 th.; Marrision, the 17th.; Penzance, the 18th.

WEST RIDING. — Mr. West, the West Riding lecturer, will lecture at Sheffield on Monday, Nov. 15th; Barnsley, Tuesday, 16th ; Holmfirth, Wednesday, 17th ; Honley, Thursday, 13th ; Huddersfield, Friday, 19th ; Rippendon, Saturday, 20th; Bradford, Monday, 22d ; Keighley, Tuesday, 23rd ; Howarth Wendesday, 24th; Thorntons, Thursday 25th; Batley, Friday, 26th; Morley, Saturday, 27th; Hunslet, Monday, 29th; Horbury, Tuesday, 30th.

MANCHESTER. — A public tea party and ball will be hold on Wednesday evening, the 17th of November, 1841, at the Hall of Science, Camp-field. A full and efficient quadrille band will be in attendance. Ladies’ tickets 9d., Gentleman’s 1s. 3d. Tickets for the ball only, 6d. Doors open at half-past six o’clock, tea on the table at seven. Tickets may be had of Mr. Abel Heywood ; at the Hop Pole Inn, Hardman-street; and of the Secretaries of the various Trades, at the respective Houses of Call. 

ROCHDALE. — Mr. J. Linney will lecture at Rochdale, on Wednesday evening next, having returned from a tour through Warwickshire and. Staffordshire. 

MANSFIELD. — Mr. G. J. Harney is expected to lecture here on Tuesday next.

STANNINGLEY. — Mr. Ross, of New Leeds, will deliver a lecture in the Association-room, Primrose Hill, on Sunday afternoon, at two o’clock.

LEEDS. — The O’Connor Demonstration Committee. —In the absence of the Secretary, and in compliance with the written request of five members of the Committee, I hereby convene a meeting of the Committee, to be held in the Association-room, Shambles, on Wednesday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock, for the purpose of finally settling the accounts. —J. Hobson, Treasurer to said Committee.

BRADFORD. — Mr. Alderson will lecture in the largo room of the North Tavern, on Sunday next at six o’clock; Mr. Arran will lecture at Great-Horton, on Monday evening at eight o’clock. Mr. Edwards and Mr; Dewhurst will lecture at Mannigham, on Monday, at eight o’clock in the evening. Mr. Jennings will lecture at New Leeds, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock. Mr. Smith will lecture at Mr. White’s, West gate, Manchester-road, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock.

Mr. Binns, of Sunderland, will deliver an address on Tuesday, the 16th of November, at Mr. William Hind’s, West Holbourn, South-street, at seven o’clock in the evening.

Route for NORTH LANCASHIRE: — Monday, Nov. 22d, at Preston; 23d, at Lancaster; Wednesday, 24th, at Clithero; Thursday, 25th, at Sabden; Friday, 26th, at Barnoldswick; Saturday, 27th, at Burnley; Monday,29th,at Blackburn; Tuesday 30th, at Padiham; Wednesday, Deo. 1st, at Colne; Thursday, 2d, at Bacup; Friday, at Baxenden; and on Saturday, the 4th, at Chorley.

LAMBETH. — There will be a public reading at the Chartist-hall, 1, China-walk, Lambeth, on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock. Mr. Ryall will deliver a lecture at eight o'clock in the evening on " Paine's Rights of Man." A concert will be held on Monday evening, and on Tuesday, at eight o'clock, Mr. Ryall will deliver this. 

MANCHESTER. — The South Lancashire delegate meeting will bis held in Brown-street Association room, back of St. Andrew’s Church, Manchester, on Sunday, Nov. 14th, at ten o’clock in the 'morning; some important business will be transacted. Tne first is to carry out the National Petition —the next, to take into consideration the fittest person to represent us in the next Convention.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Isaac Barrow will preach two sermons on Sunday, (to-morrow,) in the Social Institution, at half-past two o’clock, and six in the evening; professors of Christianity are respectfully invited to attend. 

County Delegate Meeting - A meeting of delegates for the county of Chester and the Potteries will assemble at Congleton, on Sunday next, the 14th inst., when the following places are requested to send delegates, or to write their wishes, addressed to John Burgess, secretary, N. C. Association, Bug-lawton, Congleton : viz. —Hanley and Potteries, generally ; Mottram, Hazlegrove, New Mill, Hyde, Stockport, Macclesfield, and any other place wishing the services ofa lecturer.

Mr. Doyle will lecture at the following places next week: —14th, Congleton; Monday, 	
Macclesfield; Tuesday, Hazlegrove; Wednesday, Stockport; Thurday, Mottram; Friday, New-Mills.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. James Duffy, will lecture at Manchester, on Monday next; at Eccles, on Tuesday; and at Bolton, on Wednesday.

NOTTINGHAMSHIRE. — Mr. W. Dean Taylor’s route for the ensuing week - Sunday, Nov. 14th, to preach in the Democratic Chapel, Rice-place, Nottingham; afternoon and night. On Monday, a lecture in the same place, on the Present aspect of Chartism. Tuesday, at Ruddington ; Wednesday, at Arnold ; Thursday, at Carlton. The friends at the respective places are requested to publish the time of meeting.

NEWTON HEATH. — On Saturday, the 13th of Nov. there will be a discussion in the Chartist room, Newton-Heath, to commence at eight o'clock in the evening. The subject for discussion—‘‘ The best and the safest way to obtain the Charter. On Monday, the 15th instant, there will be a lecture delivered by a friend, to commence at eight o’clock in the evening.

HOLLINGWORTH. — Mr. James Cartledge, Manchester, will lecture at Hollingworth, near the New Inn, on Sunday, the 21st distant, at half-past two o'clock. 

TOWER HAMLETS. — A Lecture will be delivered on Sunday, November the 24th, at the Carpenter’s Arms, Brick-Lane, by a member of the London Council.

FINSBURY. — Mr. W. Balls will deliver a lecture to the Chartists of Finsbury, at Lunt’s Coffee-House, on Monday evening next.

OLDHAM. — Next Sunday, November 14, a Delegate meeting will be held at Mr. Lennard Haslop’s Temperance Hotel, Manchester-street, Oldham, at Two o’clock in the afternoon, to take into consideration the propriety of engaging a lecturer for one month to agitate the districts, when delegates are requested from Oldham. Middleton, Rochdale, Milnrow, Shaw, Hillbottom, Lees, Moesley, Stayley Bridge, Ashton, Hollinwood, and Failsworth. 

WEST AUCKLAND. — The Chartists of this place, will meet next Sunday evening, at the house of Mr. Richard Lee, shoemaker, for the transaction of important business. The chair to be taken at six o’clock.

BERMONDSEY. — A public meeting of the inhabitants of Bermondsey, will, take, place on Monday evening next at the Temperance Coffeehouse, Abbey-street, to take into consideration the best alleviating the sufferings of the starving millions of England, Ireland, Scotland and Wales. Mr. Jeanes of Snowsfields, will take the chair at half-past eight o’clock.

CHELSEA. — Mr. Martin will lecture at the United Coffee-house, George-street, on Sunday evening, at seven o’clock.
	
HACKNEY. — Mr. Russell will lecture at Wiston’s Temperance Hotel, on Tuesday evening, at eight o'clock.	

LIMEHOUSE. — Mr. Balls will lecture at the Schoolroom, Limehouse Causeway, on Tuesday, at eight o’clock. 

GLOBE FIELDS. — Mr. McGarth will lecture here on Sunday, at eight o’clock.	,

WESTMINSTER. — A lecture will be delivered here on Sunday, at eight o’clock. 

ST. PANCRAS. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture at the Feathers, Warren-street, on Sunday,—subject— " Superiority of a democratic over every other form of government.”

Delegate Meeting. — A meeting of delegates from the associations of Bilson, Darlaston, Wednesbury, and Walsall. It will be held on Sunday next, at Mr. J. Nicholl’s, the Seven Stars. Darlaston, to take immediate means to form a district ‘ council for the Southern Division of Staffordshire. The chair will be taken at ten o’clock. 


