SUNDERLAND. — Mr. Thomas Dickinson will lecture in the Chartist Room, on Sunday (to-morrow) morning, at ten o’clock ; and in the evening at seven, in the same place.

LONDON. — On Sunday (to-morrow), a meeting of the members of the Weavers’ locality will beholden at the Weavers’ Arms, Pelham-street, Brick-lane, Spitalfields. Chair to be taken at half-past eight o’clock. N.B. — A Chartist Burial Club is held here every Saturday morning.

The Executive will be in attendance at the hour of three, precisely, on Sunday afternoon next, the 19th inst, at the City of London Institute, Turnagain-lane, to meet the District Council, consisting of one member from each locality, when they will proceed to the election of officers, and transact other important business.

Mr. Clark, M.E. C. will address his brother Chartists and the public in general, at the Working Men’s Hall, 29 1/2, Mile End Road, On Sunday evening next, at seven o’clock. 

The General Councillors, under the New Plan of Organization, residing in the Tower Hamlets, are requested to meet at Mr. Drake’s, Standard of Liberty, 171, Brick-lane, Spitalfields, on Sunday afternoon, at five o’clock.

GOLDEN LION, DEAN-STREET, SOHO. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture at this locality on Sunday, the 19th, at eight o’clock.

Mr. M'Grath will deliver a lecture on Machinery on Sunday evening next, at the Reading Room, at the Woodman, Winchester-street, Waterloo Town.

A discussion will take place at the Working Men’s Hall, 29 1/2, Mile End Road, on Sunday morning next, November the 19th.

Mr. Clarke, of the Executive, will deliver a lecture in the above hall, on Sunday evening next, November the 19ih.

A Public Meeting will be held at the Working Men’s Hall, Mile End Road, on Tuesday evening next, November the 12th, to form a Working Man’s Freehold Property Association. The chair will be taken at eight o’clock.

SALFORD. — On Sunday evening next, Mr. Dixon will lecture in the Chartist room, Great George-street, at six o’clock. A meeting will be held on Monday evening.

BURY. — Mr. Edward Clark, of Manchester, will deliver two lectures in the Garden-street Lecture-room, on Sunday next, at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon and at six in the evening.

SHEFFIELD. — Fig Tree-Lane. —On Sunday evening, Mr. West will commence the first of a series of lectures on “ Ireland’s wrongs and Ireland’s re-medy,” to commence at half-past six o’clock. Irishmen are particularly invited to these lectures. On Monday evening, a public discussion will take place on the question, “ Will an immediate repeal of the Corn Laws confer any benefit upon the working classes ?” To commence at eight o’clock. On Wednesday night, a members’ meeting. On every Tuesday night, a ball; and every Saturday night, an harmonic meeting, under the superintendance of the Council, for the benefit of the Association.

YORK. — The Chartists of York will have two balls on Martinmas evening : one at Mr. Hall’s, the Ebor Tavern, Foss-gate, and one at Mrs. Penrose’s, the Yorkshireman Coffee-house, Copper-gate ; at which their country friends are most respectfully invited to attend.

MOSSLEY. — The members of the Chartist Association are particularly requested to meet in their room, Brook-bottom, on Tuesday evening next, for the purpose of nominating a new Council, and other important business.

NOTTINGHAM. — The members of the Council request a full attendance of members and friends on Sunday, Nov. 19th, at two o’clock in the afternoon, when business of great importance will be laid before them.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday (to-morrow), Mr. William Bell, of Heywood, will lecture in the Chartist room, Greaves-street, at six o’clock in the evening. Also, Mr. John Crowther will lecture on the principles of the Charter, in the Socialist room, Cow-hill, at two o’clock in the afternoon of the same day.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Joseph Wood will deliver a lecture on Sunday afternoon next, at half-past two o’clock; and Mrs. Kitty Parkinson will preaoh a sermon in the evening at six o’clock.

NEW RADFORD. — Mr. H. Dorman, of Nottingham, will preach in the Independent Chapel, Denman-street, on Sunday evening next, Nov. 19th, at six o’clock.

BIRMINGHAM. — The Chartists of Birmingham are requested to attend at their place of meeting, 37, Peck-lane, on Sunday evening next, at seven o'clock, to nominate the General Council for the Peck-lane locality.

HALIFAX. — A special meeting of the councillors of this district will be held on Sunday, (to-morrow) at Lower Warley, at two o’clock p.m.

Mr. B. Rushton will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Association Room, Pellon-lane, on Sunday, (to-morrow) at six o’clock in the evening.

All communications for the Chartists of Halifax must be addressed to Mr. James Chippendale. 31, South-street, Halifax.

Mr. Kydd, of Newcastle, purposes lecturing in the following places : - At Bradford, on Sunday (to-morrow) ; at Halifax, on Monday, November 20th ; at Sowerby,on Tuesday, the 21st ; at Hebden Bridge, on Wednesday, the 22nd ; at Todmorden, on Thursday, the 23rd ; and at Heywood, on Friday, the 24th. All communications for Mr. Kydd to be addressed to the care of Mr. Leach, news-agent, Oak-street, Manchester.

BRADFORD. — A meeting of local lecturers will be holden on Sunday (to-morrow), at two o’clock in the afternoon, in the Council Room, Butterworth Buildings.

WHITE ABBEY. — The Chartists of White Abbey will meet in the School Room, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock.

CENTRAL LOCALITY. — The Chartists of the Central Locality will meet in the Council Room, Butter-worth Buildings, on Sunday (to-morrow) morning, at ten o’clock.

DAISY HILL. — The Chartists of Daisy Hill will meet on this (Saturday) evening, and on Sunday (tomorrow) morning, in their rooms.

NEW LEEDS. — The New Leeds members of the Improvement Class will meet on Sunday (to-morrow) afternoon, at two o’clock.

The Chartists of George’s-street are requested to meet in their room on Sunday (to-morrow) morning, at ten o’clock.

LITTLE HORTON. — The Chartists of Little Horton will meet in the School Room, Park Place, at nine o’clock on Sunday (to-morrow) morning, and in the afternoon at two o’clock.

THOMPSON'S HOUSES. — The Chartists of Thompson’s Houses will meet in their room on Sunday (tomorrow) morning, at ten o’clock.

BOWLING BACK LANE. — The Chartists of Bowling Back Lane will meet in their room on Sunday (tomorrow) morning, at nine o’clock, and two in the afternoon.

NEW LEEDS. — The Chartists of New Leeds are requested to attend at nine o’clock on Sunday (tomorrow) morning, in their room.

MANNINGHAM. — The Chartists of Manningham will meet on Sunday (to-morrow) morning, at ten o’clock, and at two in the afternoon.

STOCKPORT. — Mr. C. Doyle will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Room, Temperance Yard, Hill Gate, on Sunday (to-morrow) evening. The chair to be taken at half-past six o’clock.

MANCHESTER. — Carpenters’ Hall.—Mr, William Jones, of Liverpool, will address the Chartists of Manchester, in the above Hall, on Sunday (to-morrow). 