MANCHESTER. — A Tea Party and Ball, will take place in the Carpenters’ Hall, Garratt-road, on Monday evening, the 21st of November, when T. S. Duncombe Esq., and Feargus O’Connor, Esq , will attend. Tickets for the Tea Party and Bail, one shilling each, may be had from the following persons: — Mr. Abel Heywood, bookseller, Oldham-street; Mr. James Leach, bookseller, Oak-street ; Mr. Appleton, hair dresser, Ashton-street, London-road ; Mr. Owen, tobacconist, London-road ; Mr. Brown, Temperance Hotel, New Cross ; Mr. Smith, under the Carpenter’s Hall; Mr. Swires. Marshall-street, Oldham-road ; or from the Secretary, on each Sunday, at the Hall. An efficient Quadrille Band will be in attendance. Tea on the table at six o’clock.

LONDON. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Sunday evening at the Britannia, Upper Chapman-street, St. George’s-in-the-East, at seven o’clock. The members of the above locality are requested to attend on Sunday next, on business of the greatest importance, at seven o’clock precisely.

55, OLD BAILEY. — On Sunday next, a lecture will be delivered at seven o’clock in the evening. —On Monday, a Dancing Class will be held at eight o’clock, for the benefit of the Building Fund, and to be continued every Monday evening. —On Tuesday evening, the City Chartists meet for the dispatch of business, at eight o’clock.—The Female Chartists also meet at the same time for the transaction of their business; after which, a lecture will be delivered by Mr. RyalL. — On Wednesday, the Teetotal Chartists meet at eight o’clock.— On Thursday, the 17th, the adjourned discussion between Mr. T. Powell and L. Cowan will be resumed, — upon the Rights of Woman. —On Sunday mornings, at ten o'clock, and on Friday evenings, at eight o’clock, the committee appointed for getting up a largo Central Hall in the City of London, meet for the transaction of their business.

A Great Public Meeting, for the benefit of the Political Victims, will be held at tho Crown and Anchor Tavern, Strand, on Thursday evening next. T. S. Duncombe, Esq., M.P., will take the chair, at half-past seven o’clock precisely.

Mr. Fussell will lecture on Tuesday evening at the Hall, 1, China Walk, on tho cruelty of the clergy and tho misappropriation of church property.

Mr. Fussell will lecture on Sunday, at the Star, Golden-lane, subject —Man, his history and destiny.

All persons holding tickets or money for the late lottery at the Chartist Hall, Old Bailey, are requested to settle for the same on or before Sunday, to-morrow, as a balance will be issued on Nov. 14th, and the names of the defaulters published,

Mr. Cook will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Flora Tavern, York-place, Barnbury-park.

ALBION COFFEE HOUSE, CHURCH STREET, SHOREDITCH. — A discussion will take place here next Sunday afternoon.

CHARTIST HATTERS, BROWN BEAR, SOUTHWARK. — Mr. John Campbell, General Secretary, will lecture here on Wednesday evening next.

This being the anniversary of the establishment of this locality, the annual report will be read and other matters of interest brought forward.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Campbell will lecture at the Workingmen’s Hall, Circus-street, on Sunday evening at half-past seven o’clock.

DEWSBURY. — A district council meeting will be held on Sunday, in the Large Room, over the Stores, at two o’clock in the afternoon, when delegates are requested to attend from all parts of the district.

CARLISLE. — On Sunday evening, November l0th, an original article will be read at No. 6, John-street, Caldewgate, on the importance of the working classes securing and exercising the municipal franchise, After which, discussion will be allowed. Any member of the society may introduce a friend for the night, gratia; but if attending a second evening, the individual must either pay a subscription, or will bo expected to become a member.

A Young Man, from Leeds, has presented to the Carlisle Council, a beautiful waistcoat piece, which will be raffled for on Saturday, the 39th instant. A member of the Council has promised to make it up for the winner. The tickets are to be one penny each, and the proceeds are to go to the Defence Fund.

BRADFORD. — The Chartists of Manchester-road are requested to meet on Sunday next, at nine o’clock in the morning, on important business. There will be a class formed at the Association room, Butterworth’s-buildings, on Sunday morning at ten o’clock. The subscribers to the Evening Star are requested to attend.

Mr. Jennings will lecture at New Leeds on Sunday afternoon at two o’clock.

Mr. Hurley will lecture at Bowling, Back-lane, on Sunday next, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

A Sermon will be preached on Sunday evening at six o’clock, in the room, Butterworth-buildings, when a collection will be made for the Chartist victims.

The Shareholders in the Co-operation Store are requested to meet on Saturday evening, at seven o’clock, in tho large room, Butterworth-buiidings, on business of importance.

BOWLING, BACK-LANE. — The Chartists of this locality meet every Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, wheu the Star and other Chartist works are read.

The room is open to all, free of admission, and discussion on the best means of obtaining the Charter, and other subjects connected with the movement, are freely entered into tor two hours every Sunday.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Smethurst will lecture in the Association room, Yorkshire-street, on Sunday, (to-morrow) and half-past two in the afternoon, and six in the evening.

Mr, James Leach will lecture in the Association room, on Wedn- sday, at eight o’clock.

HEYWOOD. — There will be a meeting of the Chartists of Heywood, in their room, on Sunday next.

Mr Wallace, of Halifax, will preach his farewell sermon at Upper Warley, on Sunday the 20th, at two o’clock, upon which occasion a collection will be made for the wife of an incarcerated brother.

SIDALL. — Mr. Butterly will preach here on Sunday (to morrow) at six o’clock.

HALIFAX. — On Sunday (to morrow) a friend from Manchester will preach in the large room, Swan-coppice, at two o'clock in the afternoon. At six in the evening Mr. B. Rushton will preach in the same place.

Mr. Butterly will deliver a lecture in the large room, Swan Coppice, on Monday evening.

Mr. Dickenson, the Manchester packer will lecture in the large room, Swan-coppice, on Wednesday next at eight o’clock ; at Sowerby on Thursday, at eight o'clock ; at Ripponden on Saturday, at eight o’clock ; and on Sunday he will deliver two discourses in Halifax, at two o’clock in the afternoon and six in the evening. He will lecture at Quesnshead, on Tuesday and Wednedsay, the 22d and 23rd.

A Gentleman from Manchester will preach at Sowerby to-morrow evening (Sunday) at six o’clock; on Monday at Lower Warley, at eight o’clock; on Tuesday at Ovenden, at eight o’clock ; and on Wednesday at Queenshead, at eight o’clock.

BOLTON. — Mr. James Leach, of Manchester, will deliver a lecture on the 15th instant, in tho Working men’s Association room, Howel Croft, at seven o’clock in the evening.

HUDDERSFIELD. — On Sunday (to-morrow) a district council meeting will be held at the Shipwreck Inn, Yew Green. Chair to be taken at one o’clock.

SHEFFIELD. — Fig-tree-lane.—The weekly harmonic meeting, in aid of the defence fund, will be held this evening (Saturday), at half-past seven o’clock.

Mr. Samuel Parkes will lecture on Sunday evening, at half-past seven o’clock, on “ Prison Discipline.”

Mr. William Beesley will lecture on Monday evening, at half-past seven o’clock. Admission, one penny.

A Festive Ball in aid of the defence fund, will be held in Fig-tree-lane Room, on Tuesday evening. Tickets of admission, ladies 2d, gentlemen 3d, sud to admit a couple 4d, may be had of Mr. Harney, No. 11, Hartshead.

NORTHAMPTONSHIRE. — Mr. Philp’s route for next week: - Rands, Monday and Tuesday ; Kettering, Wednesday and Friday ; Rowell, Thursday ; Whitton, Saturday ; Long Buckby, Monday, the 21st. - Banbury friends will appoint their own time for their two lectures.

NOTTINGHAM. — A lecture will bo delivered in the Chartist Chapel, Rice-place, on Monday evening, the 14th ; and on Tuesday evening, a lecture on total abstinence in connexion with the Charier, will be delivered in Swan’s great Room, Drury-hill.

HOLBECK. — Mr. Joseph Stansfield will preach a sermon for the Chartists of Holbeck, to-morrow evening, commencing at half-past six o’clock.

Mr. R. G. Gammage, of Northampton, will lecture at the following localities Greenwich, Wednesday next; 55, Old Bailey, Thursday; St. Pancras, each evening.

Mr. J. H. Clarke will lecture at Gloucester, on Monday ; at Cheltenham, Tuesday and Wednesday; Stroud, Thursday ; Bristol, Friday,

The Chartists of York will have a ball in their meeting room, Ebor Tavern, Foss-gate, on the evening of Martinmas day, to commence at eight o’clock. Tickets, sixpence each, to be had at the Ebor Tavern ; Mr. Samuel Hardcastle’s, Walmgate ; and Mr. Robert Gill, J, Bilston-strcet, Layerthorpe — The Chartists of the East and North Riding visiting York upon that day are solicited to attend.

EAST AND NORTH RIDING. — Mr. J. H. R. Bairstow will visit the following places during the next week, viz.: — Monday and Tuesday, Malton; Wednesday and Thursday, at Scarborough ; and will preach in the Chartist Room at York, on Sunday evening, the 20th, at half-past six o’clock. 

MILES PLATTING. — There will be a meeting at the Cloggers’ Arms, Oldham Road, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock precisely, to take into consideration the propriety of forming a joint stock provision store.

LEEDS. — On Sunday evening, at six o’clock, Mr. Dickinson, the Manchester packer, will deliver a discourse in the Chartist room. Cheapside. Mr. Dickinson will also lecture on Monday night at half-past seven o’clock.

Duncombe's Soiree Committee. — This Committee is requested to meet to-morrow afternoon, at two o’clock, in the room, Cheapside.

ARMLEY. — Mr. Baron will deliver a discourse to-morrow evening, at six o’clock, in the Chartist room.
