LONDON. — All person holding money or tic Kota for the Into LoUory ato requested to settle for them on Sunday next, at 55, Old Bailey, or their n- imes will be published as defaulters.

A Ball and Concert will be given by the female Chartists of Kiughvsbridge, on Tuesday next, at the Stag Tavern, Fulham Road. Tickets 9 d, each. The proceeds to be given to the political victims.

A Public Meeting of the youths of Lambeth will be held on Wednesday evening at the hall, 1 China Walk, to consider the late disturbances in the north. Mr. Cleave will take the chair.

Mr. Farrer will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Britannia, Upper Chapman-street, St. George’s in the East.

Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Sunday overling at the Gold Beaters’ Arms, Somerstown.

A Ball, and Concert got up by the Female Chartists of Knightsbridge, will be held on Tuesday evening, at the Stag Tavern, Fulham-road, Chelsea. Tickets 9d. each ; the proceeds to go for the political victims.

A Lecture will be delivered on Tuesday evening at the Working Man’s Hall, Kingston, by a gentleman from London.

Mr. Farrer will lecture at the Britannia, Upper-Chapman-street, St. George’s East, on Sunday, at eight o’clock.

The Members of the Britannia locality, Upper-Chapman-street, are requested to attend a general meeting on Sunday, at seven o’clock in the evening, on business of the greatest importance to this locality.

Working Man’s Hall, Mile End Road. — Mr. Fussell will lecture here on Sunday evening.

FINSBURY. — The Chartists of this locality are requested to meet on Tuesday evening at the Canon Coffee House, Old Street Road.

HORNS TAVERN, CRUCIFIX LANE. — This locality hitherto called the " Bermondsey locality,” will in future be called the “St. Olave’s and St. John’s locality.” Mr. Fussell will lecture to the members at the above place, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock.

BRADFORD. — The Female Chartiets of Manchester Road are requested to meet on Sunday, at two o’clock, at the house of Mr. Smyth, Thomas-street.

Mr. Clisset, of Mill Bridge, will preach two sermons on Sunday next, in the Large Room, Butterworth-buildings — the first at two o'clock, the second at six in the evening, when collections will be made for Wm. Ellis.

The Chartists meeting at Butterworth-buildings are requested to attend at ten o’clock on Sunday morning, on important business.

The Chartists of Dunkirk-street will meet at the house of Mr. Shepherd, Robin Hood, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock.

The Chartists of Manchester-road will meet on Sunday morning, at nine o’clock. The members are requested to be punctual in their attendance.

The Chartists of Great Horton meet every evening in their Room, where the Evening Star, Chartist Circular, and other tracts are read. A few more subscribers to the library are wanting to complete the full number according to rule.

The Chartists of Little Horton are requested to meet on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.

The Chartists of Bowling Back-lane, will meet on Sunday morning at ten o’clock, to take into consideration the proposal of the General Council, respecting the appointment of a delegate to the Birmingham Conference to be held on the 27th of December.

The Chartists who are desirous of establishing a School on Sundays, in the Large Room, Bntter-worth-buildings, are requested to attend on Sunday, at twelve o’clock.

KEIGHLEY DISTRICT. — The next meeting of this district will be holden in the Working Man’s Hall, Sun-street, Keighley, on Sunday, November 30th, at ten o’clock in the forenoon. The delegates are particularly requested to be punctual to the time. Delegates from every locality are solicited.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. Bernard M‘Cartney will deliver two lectures, in the Carpenters’ Hall, on Sunday (to-morrow); one in the afternoon, at halfpast two, and one in the evening, at half-past six. There will be a meeting of tho members in the Carpenters’ Hall, at ten o’clock in the forenoon.

On Friday evening next, Mr. Partington will deliver a lecture to the Chartist Joiners and Painters of Manchester in the large anti-room of the Carpenters’ Hall.

YORK. — Chartist Balls.—The Chartists will have a ball in their large meeting room, Fossgate, on the evening of Martinmas day, Nov. 25th. In consequence of the rapid sale of tickets, the committee are convinced that tho above room will not be sufficiently large to accommodate the great number who have already promised their support, they have therefore engaged another large room at the Yorkshireman Coffee House, Coppergate, where another ball will be held on the same evening. Both balls will commence at eight o’clock.

HEYWOOD. —  A lecture will be delivered in this place, on Sunday next, at six o’clock, p.m., by a stranger.

CARLISLE. — On Monday evening, November 20th, Mr. Simon Harker will read a pamphlet by Robert Dale Owen, “ on the hopes and destinies of the human species,” at No. 6, John-street, Caldewgate.

Mr. Harker will give some introductory remarks in the form of a question,—” Are we progressing towards a happier state of human existence.”

EAST AND NORTH RIDING. — Mr. Bairstow will visit the following places during next week: - Hull on Monday, Beverley on Tuesday, Holme on Wednesday and Thursday, Howden on Friday, and will be in Leeds on Sunday, the 27th.

HUDDERSFIELD. — It is the intention of the Chartists of this district to invite T. Duncombe, and F. O’Connor, Esqs,, to a public soiree, to beheld during the next month.

STALYBRIDGE. — A discussion will take place between Mr. James Leach, Chartist lecturer, and Mr. John Watts, Social lecturer, on the relative merits of Chartism and Socialism, in the People’s School, Brierley’s-streefc, on Monday, the 28th, and on Tuesday, the 29th instant. Twopence admission.

HALIFAX. — On Sunday (to-morrow) Mr. Dickenson will deliver two lectures in the large room, Swan-Coppice, at two o'clock in the afternoon, and at six o’clock in the evening, Mr. Butterley will deliver a lecture in the above room, on Monday evening at eight o’clock.

UPPER WARLEY. — On Sunday (to-morrow), Mr. Wallace will preach his farewell sermon at this place, after which a collection will be made for the family of an incarcerated victim.

SHEFFIELD. — Fig Tree Lane. — The weekly harmonic meeting in aid of the Defence Fund, will be held this evening, commencing at half-past seven o’clock.

Mr. Edwin Gill will lecture on Sunday evening at half-past seven o’clock.

Mr, John West, of Macclesfield, late of Derby College, will lecture in the above room, Fig-Tree-Lane, on Monday evening, at half-past seven o'clock. Admission, one penny.

A festive ball in aid of the defence fund will be held in the above room, on Tuesday evening. Admission Ladies 2d. Gentlemen 3d ; Lady and Gentleman 4d. Dancing to commence at half-past seven o’clock.

Mr. William Beesley, of North Lancashire, will lecture in the above room (Fig Tree-lane) on Wednesday evening, at half-past seven o’clock. Admission 1d.

Mr. John West will deliver a second lecture in the above room, on Thursday eventing, at halt-past seven o’clock. Admission 1d.

MANCHESTER. — The Sub-Secretaries from the South Lancashire district are requested to provide lecturers for their respective places for Sunday (to-morrow), and the week following, as the Plan Committee do not consider that they would be justified in issuing a new Plan, until the next delegate meeting, as they have not received any information from the places at present on the Plan as to whether they intend remaining on or not ; and also of places that wish to go on the next Plan ; and the same may be said of the lecturers. Tho Committee, therefore, hope, that each place will send a delegate to the next delegate meeting, which will be held in the Chartist Room, Brown-street, Manchester, on Sunday, Nov. 27th, with instructions concerning the next Plan. All communications for the present must be directed for Wm. Dixon, No. 11, Nelson-Street, Bank Top, Manchester.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — A meeting of the Chartists of this place will be held in the Association room, Charles Town, on Sunday, at two o'clock in the afternoon, when it is requested that all who can make it convenient will attend, as business of importance will be brought before them. There will be a lecture delivered in the above place at six o’clock in the evening. The Defence Fund committee sit every Saturday, Sunday, and Wednesday evenings, to receive subscriptions.

LEEDS. - Mr. Dean Taylor will preach on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, in the Room, Cheapside. To commence precisely at six o’clock. On Monday night a lecture will be delivered by a Hater of Tyranny,” commencing at half-past seven o clock.

Duncombe’s Soiree Committee. —This Committee will meet to-morrow afternoon, at two o'clock, in the Room, Cheapside. Every member of it is most earnestly requested to attend.
