Notice of Mr. O’Connor’s Yorkshire Tour. — In consequence of applications from; Huddersfield in accordance with previous arrangements, Mr. O’Connor has been induced to make the following trifling alteration in his route. He will be at Sheffield on Friday, 3d December, instead of Saturday the 4th, and will be at Huddersfield, on Satur-day, the 4th. Since printing the above we have received a notification from Mr. O’Connor, that, in compliance with the request of his Oldham friehds, he will postpone his visit to that place (Oldham) to the 27th instant, (Saturday next.) 

NOTTINGHAM. — A delegate meeting for Nottinghamshire, Leicestershire, Derbyshire, Lincolnshire and Rutland, will be held in the Democratic Chapel, Rice Place, Barker Gate, Nottingham, on Sunday, Nov. 28th, at ten o'clock, when it is expected that delegates will be present from every town in the above counties, or if not, those places which cannot send delegates are requested to send letters. All communications to be addressed, post-paid, until Saturday, the 27th, to Mr William Russell, care of Mr. J. Sweet, bookseller, Goosegate, Nottingham. 
Important business will be transacted: firstly, to take into consideration the fittest persons to represent those counties in the forthcoming Convention; secondly, to appoint a General Treasurer and Secretary; thirdly, to settle the sum to be raised by each county; and lastly, to devise means for agitating Lincolnshire and Rutland.

Mr. Dean Tailor’s Route for the ensuing Week. —Sunday and Monday, Newark ; Tuesday, Radford ; Wednesday, Lenton; and Thursday, Beeston.	

LEEDS. — Mr. T. B. Smith will lecture in the Chartist Room, Fish-shambles, on Sunday, Nov. 21st, at six o’clook in the evening.	

Mr. Stallwood's Tour — Mr. Stallwood, the East and North Riding Lecturer, will visit the following places during the following week, viz.:; Hull, on Monday, 22nd ; Beverley, Tuesday, 23rd ; Market Weighton, Wednesday, 24th; Driffield, Thursday:; 25th ; Bridlington, Friday, 26th ; and Scarborough, Saturday and Sunday, 27th and 28th. 

The East and North Riding Delegate Meeting will take plaoe at Mr. Sturdy’s Black Horse Inn, Market Weightonon; Sunday (to-morrow), at ten o’clock in the morning, when it is/expected that delegates will be present from all towns in the above district.	

HUDDERSFIELD. — Mr. West will preach on Sunday evening next, November the 21st, at six o’clock, in the Association Room, Upperhead-row.

TROWBRIDGE. — Mr. Clark,of Bath, will lecture at the following places - Bradford. Monday evening, November the 22nd; Tuesday, the 23rd, at Melk-sham ; Wednesday, the 24th, at Westbury ; Thursday, the 25th, at Frome; Friday, the 28 th, at Warminster; Saturday, the 27; at Monkton Deveral, Mr. Tudgey requested to meet Mr. Clark, at Mr. George’s, Church-street, Warminster, on Saturday morning, to make arrangements to hold meetings at Were, Shafsbury, and Salisbury. The Chartists in the Trowbridge district can be supplyed with Mr. Hobson’s Political Almanack, at Mr. J. Moore’s, 34, Mortimer street, Strowbridge.

BATH. — W. P. Roberts lectures here to-morrow (Sunday) night.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr. Otley will lecture in the large room, Fig-tree Lane, on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, at seven o’clook. Subject—“ Republican Government.”
	.	
DERBY. — A County Delegate Meeting will be held here, on Sunday, (to-morrow,) at the house of Mr. Jackson, co-operative store, corner of Wright-Street. Important business will be transacted, and a full attendance of delegates from all the districts is requested.

WOLVERHAMPTON. — On Tuesday evening next, Nov. 23rd, there will he a tea-party and ball at Mr. Mogg’s, Temperance Hotel, the profits to go towards the expences of the fund for sending a member to sit id the ensuing Convention.

Mr. Candy intends visiting Manchester and the North through the Potteries. Macclesfield, Congleton, &c. We earnestly recommend him as Worthy of the support of every true lover of Chartism, and one that has endured much for the cause. To commence regularly at half-past six o’clook in the evening.	

BURTON-ON-TRENT. — Mr. Bairstow will lecture here on Thursday, 25th; Swadlington, on Friday, 26th; Burton-on-Trent, on Saturday, 27th.

	Mr. Clissett, of Mill Bridge, will preach a sermon in the Chartist Chapel, Longcroft Place, on Sunday morning, at half-past ten o’clock. 

ROCHDALE. — The Demonstration Committee are requested to meet in the Association Room on Sunday morning at ten o’clock, Mr. Littler will lecture in the same place in the afternoon at half-past two o’clock.	

HONLEY. — A district delegate meeting will be held on Sunday next, the 21st day of November, at three o’clock in the afternoon, at the house of Mr. C. Wood, Honlev, when delegates from Meltham, Holmfirth, Shelley. Burton, Lepton, Almondbury, and Huddersfield are requested, to attend as business of importance is to be done.

Mr. O’Brien will lecture in Northampton on Monday and Tuesday, November the 22ud; in Coventry, Wednesday and Thursday, the 24th and 25th; in Birmingham, on Saturday, Sunday, and Monday, the 27th, 28th, and the.29th; in Wolverhampton, Tuesday, the 30th; in Hanley, Potteries, Wednesday and Thursday, Dec. 1st and 2ud; in Macclesfield, Thursday, the 3rd; and in Salford, on Monday the 6th of December.

MANCHESTER. — Mr. Griffin will lecture in the Chartist Room, Brown-street, on Sunday evening, in which he intends to do justice to the cotton masters for their reductions, and the league for their nibbling policy. 

LOUGHBOROUGH. — A delegate meeting of the Loughborough district of the National Charter Association will be held at the Room, Swan-street, on Sunday, Nov. 21st, when Hathern, Long Whatton, Sutton, Normanton, Eastleak; Mount Sorrell, and other villages in the neighbourhood are requested to send delegates.	

BRADFORD. — Mr. Ibbetson and Brook will lecture at the Council Room, on Sunday evening, at six o’clook.
	Mr. Dewhirst will lecture at Little Horton, on Tuesday evening, at eight o’clock.
	Mr. Hodgson will lecture at Daisy Hill, Old Cot, at six o’clock, on Sunday evening. 
	Mr. Alperson and Mr. Ross will lecture at Mr. Shepherd’s, Robin Hood, Dunkirk-street, at eight o’clock, on Monday evening. 
	Mr. Jennings and Mr. Ross will lecture at Mr. Wright’s, Smiddle’s-lane End, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock.

MACCLESFIELD. — Mr. C. Doyle will lecture here on Sunday evening ; on Monday, the 22d; on Tuesday, the 23d; on Wednesday, the 24th in the Potteries; and on Thursday and Friday, at Northwich and Middlewioh, for the purpose of forming National Charter Associations in those places.

	A Delegate Meeting will be held in Maccles-field, en Sunday, the 12th of December, when delegates from the whole of the district are requested to attend, as business of importance will be brought before it.

LONDON. — On Sunday evening next, a lecture will be delivered in the association rooms. Star Coffee House, Golden-lane, by Mr. M‘Grath, when a full meeting is expected. 

WALWORTH. — Council to meet to-morrow (Sun-day), chair to be taken at half-past four precisely Members desired to be punctual to time.

FINSBURY. — Mr. Farrer will lecture at Lunt’s Coffee House, on the evening of Monday, Nov. 22nd. The members are requested to attend at eight o clock. Mr. Benbow will lecture at the same place on the following evening, at eight o’clock. 

BERMONDSEY. — Mr. Balls will lecture at the Chartist association room, on Tuesday.

SAINT PANCRAS. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture at the Feathers, Warren-street, on Sundays Subject— " Superiority of the democratic over every other form of Government.”	

HACKNEY. — Mr. Farren will lecture here on Tuesday. Subject—'“ The Corn Laws.”	

LIMEHOUSE. — A lecture, will be delivered at the association rooms, Causeway, on Tuesday..

TOWER HAMLETS. — Mr. Farren will lecture at the Carpenter’s Arms, Brick-lane, on Sunday. Subject —“ Superiority of Chartism over.every other means proposed for ameliorating the condition of the people.” 

HUDDERSFIELD. — Mr. West will preach on Sunday evening next, November the 21st, at six o’clock, in the Association Room, Upperhead-row.

LEICESTERSHIRE. - Mr. bairstow, Midland Counties Lecturer will preach at Ilkeston, in the Market-place, on Sunday afternoon, the 21st, to begin at two o'clock, and, at the same place, oon Mnday evening, the 22nd, at eight o'clock. At Heanor, on Tuesday evening, the 23d. At Derby, on Wednesday evening the 24th. At Burton-on-Trent, on Thursday evening, the 25th, and at Swadlington, on Friday evening, the 26th. Friends at these places will please to give publicity to the above.

LONDON SOCIAL INSTITUTION, John Street, Tottenham-Court-Road. - A public discussion will take place on Thursday and Friday evenings, Nov. 26ht and 27th, between Mr Lloyd Jones and Mr. Parry, on the relative merits of Socialism and the Charter. This discussion originated in a challenge given to Mr. Parry by Mr. Jones on the evening of one of these interesting debates which takes place every Friday in the Social Institution. We understand that the question will be ultimately submitted to the decision of the meeting, and we trust our London Chartist friends will make a point of being present.

DARLINGTON. — The Chartists of this town will in future meet in the commodious room, lately occupied by the Social body in Park-street; the meeting night, in the future will be on Tuesday instead of Wednesday.

Lecture. — Mr. William Jones will lecture at the Temperance Hotel, on Monday next; at eight o’clock in the evening. On Tuesday evening, in the Primitive Methodist Chapel; at six o’clock; and; at the Methodist Chapel, Bond-street, Prescot, on the same evening, at eight o’clock.

WEST RIDING. - A West Riding delegate meeting will be held at Dewsbury on Sunday, November 28, at nine o'clock in the forenoon. 

	Mr. West, West Riding lecturer, will lecture at Bradford on Monday, November 22nd at Keighley; Tuesday 23rd; Tuesday 30th.

HUNSLET. - Mr. Parker is expected to preach here on Sunday evening at six o’clock.

UPPER WORTLEY, NEAR LEEDS. — Mr. T. B. Smith will preach in the Chartist-room on Sunday afternoon, at two o'clock.

DEWSBURY. -  A delegate meeting of the Dewsbury district will be held in the Chartist Association Room, Dewsbury, on Sunday, Nov. 21st, at two o'clock in the forenoon, for the purpose of making arrangements for the reception of F. O'Connor, Esq, on his visit to this town, on Thursday, Dec. 2nd; It is particularly requested that as many delegates will be in attendance as possible.

LAMBETH. - A member of the Executive Council will lecture at the Chartist Hall, 1, China Walk, Lambeth, on Sunday (tomorrow) evening, at eight o'clock precisely. A lecture will also be delivered on Tuesday evening, at eight o'clock. A free and easy, for the benefit of the Hall, will be held on Saturday evenings. 