Mr. O’Connor will be in Nottingham on Monday next, the 27th inst., and will address the Chartists at eight o’clock in the evening. On Monday, the 4th of December, he will be at Liverpool; on Tuesday, the 5th, at Wigan on Wednesday, the 6th at Hyde, at seven o’clock in the evening ; and at nine the same evening; and on Thursday, at Manchester.

BOLTON. — The members of the Association are requested to attend next Sunday evening at seven o’clock, in their meeting room.

STAFFORD. — A general meeting of the Chartists of this town will be holden at the house of Mr. Wm. Haldon, Helley’s-Square, on Monday evening next, at seven o’clock, on business of importance.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. — Mr. Wm. Bell, of Hey-wood will lecture in the Chartist Association Room, Cavendish-street, on Sunday, 26th inst., at six o’clock in the evening.	

ILKESTON. — The Chartist Association of this town will commence their weekly meetings on November 27th, at seven in the evening, and every subsequent Monday, for the purpose of reading the Northern Star, Nottingham Review, Chartist Circular, and other democratic publications, in their Room, at Mr. Stocks, Bath-street, Ilkeston.

MACCLESFIELD. — A dinner party will be held in the Chartist Room, Stanley-street, ou Thursday, Nov. 30th, at eight o’clock in the evening, to commemorate the liberation of Mrs. Walker and Mr. Barnett. Mr. Samuel Bentote will be liberated the same day, and will address the parly after the cloth is drawn. Ladies’tickets one shilling each; gentlemen’s, one shilling and threepence; may be had of John Warren, Crompton-road, or Mr. Hargreaves, Waters-green.

BURY. — Mr. Christopher Doyle, from Manchester, will deliver two lectures In the Garden-street Lecture Room, on Sunday (to-morrow), at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six in the evening.

ROYTON. — Mr. Taylor, of Royton, will deliver a lecture here on Wednesday the 29th insfe, at eight o’clock in the evening.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday (to-morrow) Mr. F. A Taylor, of Royton, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at six o’clock in the evening.

Mr. M'Grath’s Route for the ensuing week: — Sunday, Stockport; Monday, Wimslow; Tuesday, Northwich; Wednesday, Middlewich; Thursday, Nantwich ; and Friday, Congleton, Stockport.

SHEFFIELD. — On Sunday evening, Mr. West will deliver his second lecture in thy room, Fig Tree-lane, on “The Wrongs of Ireland.” The lecture will embrace tho following subjects : - The nature, cause, and origin of various outrages, absenteeism, landlordism, the clearing system, the jury system, tho sub-lettmg act, and fixity of tenure. To commence at half-past six o’clock precisely. Admission, one penny. On Monday evening, there will be a public meeting ; several friends will take part in the proceedings.

CLITHEROE. — The concluding part of the lecture upon “ Christianity and Chartism” will be delivered in the Chartist Room, York-street, at six o’clock in the evening.

The North Lancashire delegate meeting will bo held in the Social Institute, Padihara, on Sunday, December 3rd, 1843, at twelve o’clock precisely.

MANCHESTER. — Chartist Painters.—A lecture will be delivered in the Chartist Painters’ Reading Room, Watson-street, Peter’s-street, by Mr. James Leach, on Wednesday evening next, tho 29th inst. Chair to be taken at eight o’clock.

The Shareholders of the Chartist Hall, Manchester, are requested to attend a meeting, to be held in the Chartist Painters’ Room, Watson-street, Peter-street, on Tuesday evening next, the 28th inst., for the purpose of electing directors for the ensuing twelve months.

CARPENTERS' HALL. — A lecture will be delivered in the above Hall, on Sunday (to-morrow); chair to be taken at half-past six o’clock in the evening.

SALFORD. — A lecture will be delivered in the Charter Association Room, George’s-street, Chapel-street, Salford, on Sunday (to-morrow); chair to be taken at six o’clock in the evening.

BURY. — Two lectures will be delivered in the Garden-street lecture room, on Sunday (to-morrow), by Mr. C. Doyle, of Manchester. The afternoon’s lecture to commence at half-past two o’clock, and the evenings, at half-past six.

ROCHDALE. — Two lectures will be delivered in the Charier Association Room, Rochdale, on Sunday, (to-morrow), by William Dixon, of Manchester. Chair to be taken at half-past two in the afternoon, and half-past six in the evening.

On Monday, the 27th, Mr. Dixon will address an open air meeting of coal miners, to be holden on Cronkey Shaw, at eleven o’clock in the forenoon.

DEWSBURY. — A public meeting will be held on Sunday night at six o’clock, Nov. 26, in the Large Room, over the Co-operative Store Market Place, Dewsbury.

HALIFAX. — Mr. Flinn will lecture here on Sunday evening next at six o’clock.

Route of Mr. Kydd, of Newcastle, for next week: — Monday, Bradford ; Tuesday, Keighley ; Wednesday. Bradford, in the Temperance Rooms; Thursday, Dewsbury; and Friday, Birstal.

BARNSLEY. — The Barnsley Chartists are requested to meet at Pickering’s Room, at two o’clock on Sunday, on business of great importance.

LONGTON-POTTERIES. — The shareholders of the Longton Working Men’s Hall and Scientific Institute are requested to attend a quarterly meeting on Tuesday evening, Dec. 5th, at seven o’clock, on important business, at the house of Mr. John Hamnett, New Inn, Church-street, Longton.
