MR. O’CONNOR’S TOUR.

In compliance with the Barnsley requisition, Mr. O’Connor states that he is engaged on Monday, the 6th, but that he will visit Barnsley on a Monday, and will give notioe of the time. He will also postpone his visit to Sheffield till the day following his visit to Barnsley. As Mr. O’Connor does not go to Barnsley on Friday next, he will on that day visit Selby, where he will address the Chartists at eight o’clock in the evening. All those places in Yorkshire and Lancashire to which Mr. O’Connor has promised to go shall have his attention in due time. He receives so many letters that it would be impossible to answer one in every ten. He complains of being ill with a bad sore throat, occasioned by the procession at Rochdale.

MR. Mason’s route for the present week was received too late for our last number. He will be at Kidderminster on Saturday (this evening). The sub-secretaries of the various towns in the Birmingham district are earnestly requested to correspond immediately with Mr. George White, 39, Bromsgrove-street, Birmingham, stating the number of petition sheets, that they require, and remitting the necessary amount for the same, together with their arrears to the lecturers1 fund, which they will ascertain by looking at the report of the last delegate meeting held in Birmingham.

CITY OF LONDON. — A discussion will take place on Monday evening, Nov. the 29th, at the the Jolly Butchers, Warwick-lane, Newgate, between Mr. French and Mr. J. W. Parker; the former is to prove to the satisfaction of the printers, bookbinders, and others in the vicinity, that Chartism is all humbug; Mr. Parker, on the contrary. The public to have free admission.

PORTSMOUTH. — The Chartists of Plymouth and Portsea are earnestly requested to attend early at their usual place of mooting on Sunday evening, 4th of December.

MR. Doyle’s Route. — Mr. C. Doyle will lecture in the following places the ensuing week Sunday, 28th, in Stockport; Monday, 29th, Congleton; Tuesday, 30th, in Hazlegrove; Wednesday and Thursday, in Wilmslow, to open a Charter Association; and on Saturday, in New Mills. The indefatigable labours of this worthy lecturer are doing a vast amount of good. It is requested that no lecturer, in future, will visit any of the districts in Cheshire without first communicating with the sub-secretary of each place. 

ROTHERHAM. - On Sunday evening, the 28th inst., Mr. Otley will lecture here in the reading room, at Mr. Ross's, Rose and Crown, Quarry Hill, to commence at six o'clock. A room has been taken for regular lectures.

MARYLEBONE. - Mr. Campbell will lecture in Circus-street, on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, the 28th instant.

TOWER HAMLETS. - Dr. McDouall will lecture at the Carpenters' Arms on Sunday evening next.

WANDSWORTH. - Dr Mr Douall will lecture at the King's Head Inn, on Monday evening next, the 29th instant.

LOUGHBOROUGH. - On Sunday, the 28th inst., Mr. Skevington will address the Chartists of Loughborough, in their room, at half-past six o'clock in the evening. On Tuesday, the 30th, he will address the men of Sutton at five o’clock in the afternoon ; and the men of Hathern at eight o’clock the same evening, when it is intended to have the National Petition adopted.

GLOUCESTER. — On Sunday evening next, at halfpast six o’clock, Mr, John Harris, of Modborough Hill, will lecture at the Democratic Assembly Room. Subject—The duty of every Christian to agitate for hia political rights. On the Tuesday following, at six o’clock in the evening, Mr. Abel Cook, of Bisley, will lecture in the same room. Subject—The present state of the working classes, and their future prospects.

LEEDS. — A meeting of the O’Brien Press Committee will be held in the Association-room, on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, upon business of great importance. Every member of the Committee is earnestly requested to attend. The address of the Secretary is, Mr. Brooke, Kirkgate, corner of Vicar-lane.

SALFORD. — Mr. James Cartledge, of Manchester, will lecture here next Sunday night, at half-past six o'clock in the evening. Mr. James Bronterre O'Brien will lecture in the Town Hall, Salford, on Monday, Dec. 6th, 1841.

Mr. Stallwood, the East and North Riding lecturer, will visit the following places during the next week, viz.: —Scarbro’, on Monday, the 29th inst.; Malton, Tuesday, the 30th; Pocklington, Dec. 1st; Howden, the 2nd ; Selby, the 3rd; Leeds, the 4th and 5th.

BRADFORD. — In consequence of the demonstration on Monday, the lectures will be postponed at the following places - Delph Hole, Little Horton, Bradford Moor, and Idle.

DERBYSHIRE. — Mr. Bairstow will lecture at the following places the ensuing week, at seven o’clock each evening, when the National Petition of the industrious classes will be submitted for their adoption - At Duffield, on Monday, Nov. 29th; at Bonsall on Tuesday, Nov. 30th ; at Matlock Bridge, on Wednesday, Dec. 1st; at Swanwick, on Thursday, Dec, 2nd; at Helper, on Friday, Dec. 3rd ; at Millford, on Saturday, Dec. 4th. He will preach in the Belper Market Place, if the weather permit, on Sunday the 5th, at half-past one; and at Holbrook Moor, in the Chartist-room, at six o’clock in the evening.

SHEFFIELD. — The General Council will meet at their room, at two o’clock on Sunday next. Each Councillor is requested to be punctual in attendance, as there is work to do, and the work must be done.
	Sunday Evening Lecture. — Mr. Julian Harney will lecture on Sunday evening, Nov. 28th, in the large room, Figtree-lane, Subject—" Monarchy ; its absurdities and crimes.” Lecture to commence at half-past six o’clock- Note.—During the winter, the Sunday evening lecture will commence at half past six o’clock, instead of seven, as heretofore.
	The Polish Revolution. — A public meeting will be held at half-past seven o’clook, or Monday evening, Nov. 29th, in the Charter Assooiation-room, Figtree Lane, to commemorate the Polish Revolution, on which occasion an address to the Polish people will be submitted to the meeting for adoption.
	THE LONDON MASONS. — A meeting of delegates of the trades of Sheffield will be held on Monday evening, December 6th, at the Grey Horse, High-street, to take into consideration the case of the London masons, now on strike against tyranny and oppression.

THE BIRMINGHAM DELEGATE MEETINGS. — Every locality in the Birmingham District is requested to sent a delegate to the meeting about to be held at the Chartist Room, Freeman-street, on Sunday next, November 28th, as very important business will be transacted.
	Mrs. Roberts. —A tea party will be held at the Social Institution, Lawrence-street, Birmingham, on Tuesday, Dec. 7th, 1841, for the purpose of raising a fund to purchase a mangle to enable Mrs. Roberts to gain a livelihood. Tickets 1s. each, may be had at Mr. Guests, Steelhouse lane, and all venders of the Northern Star.
	Mr. Mason’s Route. — Mr. Mason will attend the public Meeting in the the Market-place, Stafford, on Monday next. He will be in Wolverhampton on Tuesday; Kidderminster, on Wednesday; and Coventry, &c. next week.
	The Members of the Birmingham Demonstration Committee are requested to meet at the Chartist Room, Freeman-street, on Sunday morning next, (to-morrow,) at half-past ten o’clock, for the purpose of settling all accounts. Henry Creswell, secretary. —All communications for the committee to be addressed to the Secretary, at No. 19, Coventry-street, Birmingham.

NOTTINGHAM. — Mr. W. D. Taylor’s route for the ensuing week - Sunday, at Nottingham ; Monday, at Carrington; Tuesday, at Calverton; Wednesday, at Knocknall Torkard; Thursday, at Hyson Green.

LIVERPOOL. — Mason’s Strike. —At a delegate meeting of the trades of this town, held on Monday, the 22nd inst,, in the Odd Fellows’ Hall, Sir Thomas’s Buildings, it was resolved " That a public meeting of the inhabitants be held at as early a period as possible, for the purpose of taking into consideration the best means of rendering the most effective assistance to the stonemasons of London who are at present engaged in a struggle against tho tyranny and oppression practised towards them by that despicable tool Allen.” A committee was appointed to draw up resolutions and make the necesssary arrangements for carrying out the above resolution.

CHESTERFIELD AND BRAMPTON. - Meeting. —A general meeting of the Chartists will be held, on Monday evening next, the 29th inst., at the house of Mr. Every, Broomhead, Silk Mill Yard, Chesterfield, at eight o'clock, for tho purpose of nominating members to serve on the General Council, when other business of importanco will be brought forward ; and it is earnestly requested that all will endeavour to attend. Four new members were proposed on Monday evening last. Men of Chester-field, be up and doing! " Now is the day, and now is the hour,"  when it behoves every man that possesses the spirit of freedom to come out, and show a bold front. Let it not be said that the men of Chesterfield and Brampton are behind in the noble cause.

OLDHAM. — Mr. John Leach, of Hyde, will, lecture in the Chartist room, Greaves-street, on Sunday, the 23th instant, at six o’clock in the evening.

HUNSLET. — Mr. Parker will preach on Sunday evening, at six o’clock, in the Temperance News Room. Mr. West, the West Riding lecturer, will deliver a lecture in the same place.

UPPER WORTLEY. — Mr. T. B. Smith will preaoh in the Chartist Room on Sunday next, m the afternoon, at two o’clock, and in the evening at six.

WOODHOUSE. — Mr. T. B. Smith will deliver a lecture on Universal Suffrage, and Vote by Ballot, at the Black Bull, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock.

DEWSBURY. — Mr. West, the West-Riding Lecturer, will lecture in the Large Room, over the Co-operative Stores, on Sunday evening, Nov. 28th, at half-past six o’clock.

A West-Riding Delegate meeting will be held on Sunday next, Nov. 28th, at Dewsbury.

MANCHESTER. — Sermons for the Rev. W. V. Jackson’s Church. —The Rev. W. Hill, Editor of the Star, will preach two sermons to-morrow, (Sunday) the 28th, in the Hall of Science, Camp Field, Manchester; in the afternoon, at half-past two o’clock, in the Upper Room; and in the evening, at six, in the Lower Room; two-pence admission, towards helping forward the York-street Sunday School and Church worshipping under the pastoral care of the Rev. W. V. Jackson.

LONDON. — Tailors. —Mr. Martin will lecture at Red Lion, King-Street, on Sunday evening.

FINSBURY. — The members of the O’Brien Press Fund Committee are particularly requested to meet at the Dispatch Coffee House, Bride-lane, on Monday evening next, to consider certain matters relative to the address read at the Crown and Anchor meeting.
	The Chartists of Finsbury are requested to meet at Lunt’s Coffee House, on Monday evening next.

LAMBETH. — There will be a lecture delivered at the Chartist Hall, China Walk, Lambeth, on Sunday and Tuesday evenings, at eight o’clock.

LIMEHOUSE. — Mr. Famn will lecture at the Rooms, Limehouse Causeway, on Tuesday, the 30th.

HACKNEY. - Mr. Bates will lecture at Weston’s Temperance Hotel, on Tuesday.


