LONDON. — A general meeting of the Chartists of the Crown and Anchor, Waterloo Town, will be held next Sunday evening, at eight o’clock, to take into consideration the propriety of amalgamating with the friends meeting at the Woodman, Waterloo Town. Every member is requested to attend. 

TOWER HAMLETS. — The general councillors, residing in the Tower Hamlets, are requested to meet at the White Horse, St. Mary-street, near Whitechapel Workhouse, on Sunday afternoon, at five o’clock.

An Harmonic Meeting will be holden at the Feathers, Warren-street, Tottenham-court-road, on Monday, Dec. 11th, 1843, at eight o’clock. The proceeds to be given to Mrs. Ellis.

Mr. E. Stallwood will lecture at the Mechanics’ Institute, Circus-street, Marylebone, on Monday evening next.

Mr. Cooper will lecture at the City of London Political and Scientific Institution, on Sunday evening next, on the poetry of P. B. Shelley.

Feargus O’Connor, Esq. will address the inhabitants of Chelsea, Brompton, and Knightsbridge, in a spacious saloon fitted up for the occasion, at the Roebuck Tavern, Leader-street, Chelsea, on Tuesday evening next, at half-past seven precisely.

SOMERS TOWN. — A lecture will be delivered at the Bricklayer’s Arms, Tonbridge-street, Cromer-street, at half-past seven o’clock precisely.

ST LUKE'S. — A Discussion will be holden at the Cornish Coffee House, 66, Bunhill-row, on Wednesday evening next, the 13th instant, —Subject— “Will an immediate total Repeal of the Corn Laws aud Free Trade benefit the Working Classes” A deputation from the League will attend. Chair taken at half-past eight o’clock precisely.

A Tea Festival and Ball will be given in honour of the opening of the new Chartist Hall, Blackfriars’-road, corner of Webber-street. Alderman Humphrey, Esq,, M.P., will preside ; Feargus O’Connor, Esq., will attend ; B. Wood, Esq., and T. & Duncombe, Esq., M.P., are invited and expected.

The Shareholders of the above Hall are requested to meet on Sunday next, Dec. 10th, at six o’clock, on business of the greatest importance.

MACCLESFIELD. — On Sunday (to-morrow) Mr. Samuel Bentote will lecture in the Chartist Room, Stanley-street. Chair to be taken at half-past six o’clock in the evening.

On Monday evening Mr. P. M'Grath will deliver a lecture in the above room. Chair to be taken at eight o'clock.

The Rev. Wm. Hill will deliver three discourses in the lecture room, Nelson-street, Newcastle, on Sunday, the 10th inst., in the morning at half-past ten o’clock, on the Political teachings of the Old Testament; in the afternoon at half-two, on the example of Jesus as a social and political reformer ; and in the evening at half-past six, on practical Christianity, in its political bearings. Mr. Hill will lecture in the Ridley-court long room, on Monday evening, at seven o’clock, on the causes and remedy of national distress.

STOCKPORT. — On Sunday afternoon next, a discussion will take place in the Youths’ Ante-room, Garnett-street, Lower Hillgate. Subject—“Has Machinery been a blessing or a curse ?" Chair to be taken at two o’clock.

HOLLINWOOD. — Mr. Christopher Doyle, of Manchester, will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Room, Pew Nook, Hollinwood, on Sunday, the 10th of December, at six o’clock in the evening. A collection will be made to defray expenses.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday (tomorrow) Mr. William Miller will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at six o’clock in the ovening.

HALIFAX. — Mr. Hanson will lecture in the Chartist Association Room, Pollan Lane, on Sunday (tomorrow), at six o’clock in the evening.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Joseph Wood will deliver lectures in the Chartist Association Room, on Sunday (tomorrow) at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six in the evening.

It is requested that the Shareholders of the Working Men’s Hall will attend a Shareholders Meeting in the Chartist Association Room, Mills-street, on Sunday (tomorrow), at ten o’clock in the morning. All persons desirous of taking out shares are also requested to attend.

BOLTON. — The Rev. W. V. Jackson, of Manchester, will preach two sermons on Sunday, the 10th instant, on the occasion of opening the Sunday School, in the Chartist Room, Cheapside. Service to commence at two o’clock in the afternoon, and six in the evening. Collections will be made in aid of the school.

NOTTINGHAM. — There will be a tea party held at H. Dorman’s, Temperance House, Clare-street, on Tuesday, the 26th of December, tickets ninepence each. Tea at half-past four o’clock.

BATH. — Mr. C. Bolwell will lecture at the rooms of the Association, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock.

MONKWEARMOUTH. — Mr. Dickinson will deliver a lecture at this place, ou Sunday afternoon, at two o’clock, near the Wheat Sheaf Public House. —Subject—'“The Road to Paradise"’

HYLTON. — Mr. Monarch will deliver two lectures at this locality, on Sunday next, at two o'clock in the afternoon, and six o’clock in the evening.

SUNDERLAND. — Mr. Thos. Dickinson will deliver his second lecture on “the Norman Invasion and character of William (miscalled) the Conqueror,” on Monday next.

STALEYBRIDGE. — A lecture will be delivered in the Charter Association room, back of the Angel Inn, at six o’clock in the evening, by Mr. Hargreaves, from Manchester, on Sunday next. —All communications to be addressed to Thomas Midcalf, No. 13, Water-loo Buildings.	

NEWTON HEATH. — Mr. John Massey will deliver a lecture on Geology, in the Chartist Association room, on Sunday evening next. —There will also bo a Tea Party on New Year’s Day evening for the Members and friends of the Association.

DEWSBURY. — A public meeting will be held in the Large Room, over the Co-operative Stores, on Sunday next, for the purpose of arranging for tho liberation of William Sheldrake from Wakefield House of Correction. Chair to be taken at two o’clock in the afternoon.	

POTTERIES. — The Members- and Friends of tha National Charter Association of Hanley and Shelton, are requested to attend a general meeting of the Association, on Sunday next, at seven o clock in the Evening, on business of importance, at the house or Mr. J. Yates, Miles Bank, Shelton.

Mr. Clarke’s tour through Cornwall: — Camborne, Monday, 11th ; Penzance, 12th ; Hayle, 13th ; Redruth, 14th; Truro, lfifeh; again at Camborne on the 16th.	

Mr. Clarke will lecture through Devonshire on return to Bristol. Men of Devonshire, get up four meetings.	

SHEFFIELD. — On Sunday evening, Mr. West deliver his concluding lecture on “ Ireland's Rights and Wrongs,” in the Room, Fig-tree Lane. Subject__ “ Repeal of the Union,” To commence at half past six o’clock, A public meeting on Monday night; and an harmonic meeting every Tuesday and Saturday, under the superintendence of the Council, for the benefit of the Association.

Mr. M‘Grath’s Route for the next for fortnight: — Sunday, Stockport; Monday, Macclesfield ; Tuesday, Congleton ; Wednesday, Hanley ; Thursday, Longton ; Friday, Wolverhampton ; Sunday. Bilston ; Monday, Birmingham; Tuesday, Coventry ; Wednesday, Northampton.

CLITHEROE. — A meeting of the members and all those who are friendly to, or anxious to co-operate with, “ the good and true,” in carrying out and endevouring to accomplish the regeneration of will be beld in the Chartist Room on Sunday evening, Dec. 10th, to consideration business of importance, and to entol themselves under the New Plan of Organisation.

BRADFORD. — The members of the Co-operative Store, are requested to attend the meeting to be held in the room over the shop, Chapel-lane, on Monday evening, at eight o’clock ; the report of the Managing Committee will be laid before the meeting.

The Chartist Council will meet in the Council Room, Butterworth’s-buildings, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock. A full attendance is requested as an auditing committee will be elected.

The Chartists of Manningham will meet in their room on Sunday morning at ten o'clock, and at two in the afternoon. Cards will be ready in the hands of the Secretary.

Mr. Wm. Bell, of Heywood, will deliver a lecture on Sunday (to-morrow) in the Garden-street Lecture Room, at six o’clock in the evening.

A General Meeting of the members of the National Charter Association, residing in the neighbourhood of Huddersfield, will be holden in the Association room, Upperhead-row, on Tuesday, the 12th inst., for the purpose of nominating a new Council, under the new Plan of Organization. The meeting to commence at eight o’clock.
