Mr. O’Connor will be at Liverpool, on Monday next, the 4th December ; on Tuesday, the 5th ; at Wigan on Wednesday, the 6th ; at Hyde, at seven o’clock in the evening ; and at Ashton, at nine the same evening ; and on Thursday, at Manchester.

LONDON. — New Chartist Hall. —A public festival and ball will be holaun, in celebration of the opening of the new Chartist Hail, Blackfriars’ Road, corner of Webber-street, on Monday evening, December 11th, 1843. Alderman J. Humphrey, Esq., M.P., will take the chair. Feargus O’Connor, Esq , the champion of democracy, will attend. Tickets, double, 2s. 6d.; single, 1s. 6d. To the ball, double, 1s. 6d.; single, ls.	.

COGGESHALL, ESSEX. — Meetings for the transaction of Chartist business, enrolment of members, &c. are held every Monday evening, at Mr. John Alger's Coffee Rooms, Gravel.

The Chartists of Hammermith and Kensington, and their vicinities, are respectfully requested to attend a meeting at the Black Bull Inn, Hammersmith Road, on Tuesday evening next. Dec. 5th, at half-past seven o’clock precisely.

BERMONDSEY. — Meetings for lectures, discussions, &c., are held every Thursday evening, at eight o’clock, at the King of Prussia, Fair-street, Tooley-Street.

Mr. Cooper will lecture on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, on the poetry of Percy Bysshe Shelley, at the City of London Political and Scientific Institution.	

BOW AND STRATFORD. — Mr. E. Stallwood will deliver a lecture on the prevailing distress, its cause, and the remedy, in Harvey’s Temperance Rooms, Bow, on Thursday evening next, at half-past seven o'clock precisely.	

Mr. Mantz will deliver a lecture at the Political and Scientific Institution, Turn-again-lane, on Tuesday, November 28th, at eight precisely. 

The General Councillors residing in the Tower Hamlets are requested to meet at the White Horse, St. Mary-street, near Whitechapel Workhouse, on Sunday afternoon, at five o’clock, The United Boot and Shoemakers meeting at the Cannon Coffee House, Old-street, St. Luke’s, will on Sunday evening, December 1st, discuss the following question :—" Would a Repeal of the Corn Laws, under existing circumstances, benefit the working classes ?”

On Monday Evening, December 2nd, a public meeting will take place at Mr. Hopkinson’s Coffee House, Little Saffron Hill, for the purpose of opening a Chartist locality. All who are friendly to this object are requested to attend and enrol themselves. Messrs. Clark and M‘Carthy, of the United Boot and Shoemakers, have been invited, and have kindly promised to attend. Chair to be taken at eight o'clock.	

MARYLEBONE, BRICKLAYERS' ARMS, HOMER-STREET, CRAWFORD STREET. - A public meeting will be held on Monday evening, December 3rd, at half-past seven, in favour of the People’s Charter.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Davoc will lecture on Sunday next, December 3rd, at the Mechanics’ Institute, Circus-street, at half-past seven o'clock in the evening.

A Members’ Meeting on Wednesday evening next, December 6th, on business of great importance.

The Chartists of Lambeth are requested to assemble ou business of great importance at the New Hall, Blackfriars’-road, on Monday, Dec. 4th, at half-past seven precisely.

A discussion will take place in the Working Men’s Hall, 294, Mile End Road, on Sunday morning next, Doc. 3rd ; subject, " That protection for labour would be no benefit to the working classes under existing circumstances.”

Mr. J. Sherrard will lecture in the evening at seven o’clock, Subject,“ Protection for labour.”

MOTTRAM. — The members of the Chartist Association are particularly requested to meet in their room on Sunday next, at two o’clock in the afternoon.

BURY. — A Chartist Sunday School will be opened in the Garden-street Lecture Room, on Sunday, Dec. 3rd, when Mr. Isaac Barrow, from Bolton, will preach two sermons, at half-past two in the afternoon, and at six in the evening. A collection will be made after each sermon in aid of the above school.

NEWCASTLE. - Mr. R. G. Gammage will lecture in the Chartist Hall, Goat Inn, Cloth Market, on Sunday evening, at seven o’clock, Subject—“ The right of the people to the possession of the soil.”

BRADFORD. — On Sunday (to-morrow) Mr. Alderson will lecture in Manningham, at two o’clock in the afternoon. At the conclusion names will be enrolled—Mr. Alderson will be prepared with cards for the purpose.

The Chartists of the Central Locality, will meet on Sunday morning at nine o’clock in the council room.

The Chartists of Little Horton will meet in the School Room, Park Place, on Sunday morning at nine o’clock.

The Chartists of Thompson’s Houses will meet in their room on Sunday morning at ten o’clock.

The Chartists of Bowling Back Lane, will meet in their Room, ou Sunday morning at ten o’clock.

The Chartists of Georges-street will meet in their Room on Sunday morning at ten o'clock.

The Chartists of Daisy Hill are requested to meet on Sunday morning at ten o'clock, to take into consideration the best means of extending the Organization.

LEEDS. — Mr. David Ross will deliver two lectures in the Bazaar, Briggate, to-morrow (Sunday) afternoon, at half-past two, and in the evening at halfpast six.		