SUNDERLAND. — Mr. Gammage will lecture on Sunderland Moor, on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock ; and in the Chartist Hall of Science, Church-passage, at half-past six. Admission, one penny. Mr. Gammage will likewise deliver a lecture on Monday evening, in the same place. Any locality in this district wishing to engage Mr. Gamraage’s services, may direct to Mr. Gammage, care of Mr. Thomas Dickinson, No. 9, Church-street, Sunderland.

MONKWEARMOUTH. — Mr. Dickinson will deliver a lecture at this place next Sunday, at two o'clock. Subject—“ The Science of Society.” Members will be enrolled at the close of the lecture.

HYLTON. — Mr. Monarch will lecture next Sunday at this locality, at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon.

LONDON. — On Sunday evening, the 17th inst., B. Wall, Esq,, professor of languages, will lecture on “ the oratory of the bar and senate,” at seven precisely, at the City of London Political and Scientific Institution. A political discussion every Sunday morning.

On Wednesday evening, the 20th inst. a lecture on Mesmerism will be delivered by Messrs. Taylor and Bagley, in the above place, to commence eight o'clock,

A Festival and Ball, in aid of the Institution, will be held in the above Hall, on Tuesday evening, (Boxing Day). Tea on table at five o’clock ; ball to commence at eight. Doable tickets, 2s. 6d; single, do., 1s. 6d.; to ball only, double 1s. 6d,; single, do., 1s.

On Sunday evening next, the 17th inst, at half-past seven precisely, Mr. J. Mee will deliver a lecture, at the Bricklayers’ Arms, Tonbridge-street, Cromer-street.

On Monday evening, the 18th inst., Mr. W. Gardner, will address the friends, at the Teetotal and Repeal brigade Coffee House, Little Saffron Hill.	

Mr. E. Mantz will lecture at Harvey’s Temperance Assembly Room, Bow, on Thursday next, the 21st inst. The friends from Stratford and the vicinities surrounding are requested to attend.

MARYLEBONE. — On Sunday evening next, the 17th inst., Mr. J. Sewell will deliver a lecture, at half-past seven precisely, at the Mechanics’ Institute, Circus-street.

Emmett's Brigade. — A public meeting, in favour of the People's Charter, will be held at the Bricklayers' Arms, Homer-street, New Road, Marylebone, on Monday evening next, the 18th inst., at eight o’clock precisely. Messrs. Mantz and Davoc will attend.	

Mr. Skelton will deliver a lecture at the Standard of Liberty, Brick-lane, Spitalfields, on Sunday evening next, the 17th inst., at half-past seven precisely.

LONDON DISTRICT COUNCIL. — This Council wil meet at the City of London Political and Scientific Institution, Turnagain Lane, on Sunday afternoon next, the 17th inst., at three o’clock precisely.

CAMBERWELL. — A public meeting will be held at the Cock Tavern, Camberwell Green, on Tuesday next, the 19th inst., at eight precisely.

HAMMERSMITH, NOTTING HILL AND THEIR VICINITIES. — The Chartists and their friends of the above places are most respectfully requested to attend a meeting at the Black Bull Inn, Hammersmith Road, on Tuesday evening next, the 19th inst., at eight precisely, on business of great importance.

PRESTON. - A meeting will beheld in the Chartist Association Room, Park-road, on Sunday evening next, to take into consideration the propriety of taking immediate stops to ensure the return of men favourable to Chartist principles, at all future Municiple Elections. Chair to be taken at seven o’clock. All friends of democracy are earnestly requested to attend.

HEBDEN BRIDGE. — Mr. James Leach will lecture twice in the Democratic Chapel, Hebden Bridge-lanes, on Sunday, Dec. 17th ; in the afternoon at two o’clock, and six in the evening.

A Public Discussion will take place on Sunday, the 17th inst., in the Working Man’s Institution, Hyde, between Mr. Samuel Sidebottom, author of a pamphlet, entitled the " Local and General Reformer,” and Mr. J. M. Leach, an advocate of Chartist principles. The discussion will commence at two o’clock1 in the afternoon, and continue until four o’clock; after which time it will be adjourned until six o’clock the same evening.

HYDE. — The Chartists who took out cards of membership, after Mr. O’Connor’s lecture, at Hyde, are requested to attend a meeting in the Working Man’s Institution, on Sunday, the 17th inst., at two o’clock in the afternoon, in the ground floor of the hall. Men of Hyde, fail not to attend. Bring your cards with you.

BURY. — Mr. William Dixon, of Manchester, will deliver a lecture on Sunday, (to-morrow), in the Garden-street Room, at six o’clock in the evening, A Chartist tea party will be holden on Christmas Day, when Messrs. Isaac Barrow, of Bolton, John West, of Sheffield; and William Dixon, of Manchester; have promised to attend. Tea to be on the table at five o’clock in the evening. Tickets for males one shilling each; for femmes ninepence each.

ROYTON, CHARTIST ROOM. — Mr. James Leach, of Manchester, will deliver two lectures in the above room, on Sunday, the 24th of December, at two o'clock ; the other in the evening afternoon, at six. 

SHEFFIELD. - On Sunday evening, a lecture will be delivered in the Room, Fig Tree-lane, to commence at half-past six o'clock. On Wednesday a meeting of the members. An harmonic meeting every Saturday evening for the benefit of the Association. 

SALFORD. - Mr. Doyle will lecture in the Chartist Association Room, Great George Street, Salford, on Sunday evening next at half-past seven o'clock.
