
Mr Duffy’s Route — Middleton, Saturday Dec. 11th, at eight o’clook in the evening; Ashton, Sunday, the 12th, at six o’clock in the evening; Lees, Monday, the 13th, at eight o’clock in the evening; Rochdale, Tuesday, the 14th; Mossley, Wednesday, the 15th ; Royton, Thursday, the 16th; Oldham, Friday, the 17th ; Delph, Saturday, the 18th. All the places are requested to send their quota to the treasurer, by the lecturer.

MIDDLETON. - Mr. Duffy will lecture here on this (Saturday) evening.

LONDON. — Lectures will be delivered every Sun-day evening, at the Three Crowns, Richmond-street, Soho: - Mr. Fussell will lecture Church Property, on Sunday, December 12th. Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Standing Armies, on Sunday, December 19th. Mr. Martin will lecture on the Poor Law. on Sunday, December 26th. Mr. M Grath will lecture on Class Legislation, on Sunday, January 2nd. Free admission.

Lecture. — On Sunday evening next, Mr M'Grath will leeture at the Star Coffee House, Golden-lane, at seven o’clock in the evening.

LIMEHOUSE. — Mr. Fussell will lecture on Tuesday next. 

LAMBETH. — Mr. Farrer will lecture here on Tuesday next.

HACKNEY. - Mr. Wheeler will lecture here on Tuesday next.

FINSBURY. — On Monday, Mr. Wheeler will lecture at Lunt's Coffee House.

ROTHERHIDE. — Mr. Balls .will lecture at the New Room, near Execution Dock, on Monday.

TAILORS. — Mr. Fussell will lecture at the Three Crowns, Richmond-street, on Sunday.

COMMERCIAL ROAD. - Mr. Balls will lecture at the Volunteer, on Wednesday evening, at half-past seven o’clock.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE. — The South Lancashire Delegate Meeting will be held on Sunday morning, December 19th, at ten o’clock, in the Chartist Room, Brown-street, Manchester, when each locality is requested to send a delegate, as important business, respecting the coming convention, will be laid before the meeting.

OLDHAM. — A public meeting will be held in the Chartist Room, (our correspondent says not when) to memorialise the Queen to include Frost, Williams, and Jones, with the other prisoners that may be pardoned on the baptism of the Prince.

SHEFFIELD. — The council are requested to meet at their room, Fig-tree-lane, on Sunday, at two o’clock precisely.
	Lecture — Mr. Otley will lecture in the room, Fig-tree-lane, on Sunday evening, at half-past six o’clock.
	Universal Suffrage. - A discussion on the principle of Universal Suffrage will take place m the Charter Association Room, Fig-tree-lane, on Monday evening, at half-past seven o dock. Mr. Harney will open the discussion.

YORK. — The members of the National Charter Association, York, intend to have a tea-party and ball, in their large room, in Fossgate, in aid of the funds of the Association, on Monday evening, Dec. 27th. The following members have been appointed as a committee to make the necessary arrangements, viz, Messrs, Croft, Inglis, Cordeux, Burley, and Brown. Tickets 1s. each.

BRISTOL. — On Sunday evening next, at seven o’clook, a debate, or discussion, will be held at the Chartist Association Room, Castle-street, when the question of whether the criminal code of this country is calculated to produce morality, will be introduced. by Mr. Onion ; and, on Monday evening, a public meeting will be held, in the same place, tor the purpose of adopting the People s National Petition, and memorialising the Secretary of State tor the liberation of Frost, Williams, and Jones. An invitation has been sent to Mr. Henry Vincent, who is expected to attend.

NOTTINGHAM. — On Sunday, Dec. the 12th Mr. G. Harrison will preach in the Democratic Chapel, Rice-place, at six o’clock.
	Mr. W. D. Taylor’s Route for the ensuing week: Sunday afternoen, at Calverton ; on Monday evening, he will lecture at the Butcher’s Arms, Newcastle-street, Nottingham, to the society of shoemakers, at seven o’clock ; on Tuesday, Old Hasford ; Wednesday, at Sutton-in-Ashfield; Thursday, at Mansfield.

BRADFORD. — Mr. Hodgson will deliver a lecture in the Council Room, North Tavern, on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.
	—Mr. Ibbotson will deliver a lecture at the Three Pigeons, on Monday night, at eight o’clock.
	—Mr. Arran will lecture at the Association Room, Long-row, Bowling Back-lane, on Sunday, at five o’clock.
	-Messrs. Dewhurst and Ross will lecture at Mr. White’s, Manchester-road, on Sunday, at five o’clock.
	Mr. Dewhirst will also lecture to the females at the North Tavern, the same evening, at seven o’clock; Mr. Brook will lecture at Mr. Holts, Thompson’s-house, at ten o’clock next Sunday morning.

NEWCASTLE. — A public meeting will be held in the Chartist Hall, Goat Inn, Cloth Market, Newcastle, on Monday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock, to memorialise the Queen for the return of Messrs. Frost, Williams, and Jones.

COUNTY OF NORTHAMPTON. — A delegate meeting will be held on Sunday next, the 12th of December, to take into consideration questions of importance connected with the agitation of the Charter in this county.

ECCLES. — Mr. Thomas Clarke, of Stockport, will lecture here on Monday night next.

DEPTFORD. — Mr. Morton will lecture here on Sunday, the 14th inst.

The Surrey Council will meet at 1, China Walk, Lambeth, on Sunday next. Chair taken at four o’clock, when the balance sheet of the last quarter will be laid before the meeting, and other important business relating to the well-being of the Association generally.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. J. Savage will lecture on Sunday afternoon, at five o’clock, in the working men’s Hall, Circus-street, New Road.

BARNSLEY. - The Odd Fellows’ Sunday School feast will take place on the 3rd of January next. There will be a tea party and ball.

BARNSLEY. — The general Chartist meeting will be held on Monday next, when business of importance will bo brought forward.

MANCHESTER. — A tea party and ball will be held in the Strand-street-room, on Now Year’s Eve. Several of the leaders of the people will be invited to attend.

Mr. Mason’s Route for the Week :—Stourbridge, on Wednesday; Broomsgrove, on Thursday; Redditch, on Friday.

CHESHIRE. — Doyle’s Route for the next Fortnight, —On Saturday, the 11th, at Wilmslow, for the adoption of the National Petition ; on Sunday, the 12th, in Macclesfield, to attend the delegate meeting; on Monday, the 13th, Tuesday, the 14th, and on Wednesday, the 15th, in the Potteries ; on Thursday, the 16th, in Nantwich ; and on Saturday, the 18th, in New Mills; on Sunday, the 19th, in Stockport; on Monday, the 20th, in Mottram; on Tuesday, the 21st, in Hazlegrove; Wednesday, Macclesfield ; Thursday, Congleton; and on Friday, in Hanley and the Potteries.

A Delegate Meeting will be held in Macclesfield, on Sunday, the 12th of December, when delegates from every place in the County are requested to attend, as business of importance will be brought forward, more especially that of nominating a member for the forthcoming Convention.

HUNSLET. — Mr. Stansfield, of Armley, will preach in the Temperance News Room, on Sunday evening, at six o’clock.

DEWSBURY. — In compliance with the wishes of the Chartist Council, Mr. T. B. Smith will deliver two sermons on Sunday next (to-morrow) in the pavilion erected for the O’Connor Demonstration. Divine service will commence in the afternoon at two o’clock, and at six in the evening.

EAST AND NORTH RIDING LECTURER. — Mr. Jones will visit the following places during the next week : -Malton, on Monday 13th; York, Tuesday 14th : Pocklington. on Wednesday 15th ; Howden, on Thursday 16th ; Selby, on Friday, 17th; Leeds, on Saturday and Sunday, 18th and 18th.

DEWSBURY. — Chartist Sermons. — Mr. Hill will preach two sermons in the new Pavilion, on Sunday the 19th instant, at half-past two in the afternoon, and six in the evening.



