LONDON. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture on Tuesday evening, at China Walk, Lambeth.

Mr. Davoc will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Flora Tavern, Barnsbury Park. '

Mr. Sewell will lecture on Sunday evening, at the Clock House, Castle-street, Leicester-square.

The Meeting for electing delegates for the City of London, to the Birmingham Conference, will be held on Monday evening at the Rooms, (shortly to be converted into a Chartist Hall) Turnagain-lane, Skinner-street.

The united bodies of the city and West-End shoe-makers intend holding a festival, ball, and concert, at the National Association Hall, Holborn, on Monday, Dec. 27th, for the benefit of the political victims. Tickets to be procured at any of the Chartist localities.

The Meeting for electing delegates for Westminster will be held on Monday evening at the Teetotal Hall, York-street; for Lambeth, at the Montpellier Tavern, Walworth, on Monday evening; for Finsbury at the National Association Hall, Holborn, Monday evening,

Mr. Sketton will lecture at the Star, Golden-lane, on Sunday, at seven o’clock.

Mr. J. Watkins will deliver a lecture to the masons, at the Craven Head, Drury-lane, on Saturday, (this day,) on Man-worship. As the lecture will undoubtedly be both instructive and interesting, it was agreed at the last meeting that notice be given of the same through the medium of the Star in order that the trade generally might have an opportunity of attending. 

Mr. Knight will lecture at the Chartist Hall, 25, Star-street, or Commercial-road, on Sunday, at eight o'clock in the evening.

NORTHWICH. — Mr. Hoyle will lecture in the School-room, Timber-Lane, Witton-street, on Monday, the 26th, on the subject of the Corn Laws.

MOSSLEY. — Mr. Thomas Clark of Stockport, will deliver a lecture here on Monday evening next, subject, " The blessing of the extension of trade.” Admission one penny each.

HEBDEN BRIDGE. - A tea- party and ball will be held in the Democratic Chapel, on Monday, the 26h of December. Tea to be on the table at half-past three o’clock. Tickets, men’s, one shilling ; women's, ninepence ; may be had of Mr. Henry Barrett, grocer, Commercial-street; Mr. Robert Gledhill, grocer, Bridge-lanes; Mr. John Midgley, green-grocer, New Road-bottom ; and of any of the committee. 

YORK. — The Coppergate Chartists of this city intend having a ball on Monday, the 26th, at Mrs. Penrose’s, the Yorkshireman Coffee House.

LOWER WARLEY. — Mr. B. Ruston, of Halifax, wiii preach two sermons on Sunday next (to-morrow) at the above place ; service to commence at two o’clock in the afternoon and six in the evening. A collection will be made at the close of each sermon for the benefit of William Cockcroft, a Chartist victim.

OLDHAM. — On Saturday (to-day), a public meeting will be held in the open space behind the Albion Inn, to elect a delegate or delegates to a Conference called by the Council of the Complete Suffrage Union, to be held in Birmingham on the 27th last., the meeting to commence at half-past four o’clock in the evening. - On Sunday (to-morrow), a lecture will be delivered in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at six o'clock in the evening. - Also, on  Sunday, the 25th instant, Mr. James Leach, of Manchester, will lecture in the Heald's Green School Room, Chadderton, near this town, when a collection will be made towards making up Mr. Samuel Yardley's defence fund. The lecture to commence at six o’clock in the evening.

The Youths of Manchester hold a public meeting every Sunday afternoon, and a lecture at half-past two o'clock. Also on Tuesday evenings at eight o’clock. John Hargraves will lecture on Sunday next.

NEWTON HEATH. - Mr. J. Leach, of Manchester, will lecture in the Chartist's Room, Church-street, on Monday afternoon at two o'clock, when a collection will be made for the Defence Fund.

A few Chartist friends of Hollinwood have promised to perform the play of Emmett, the Irish patriot, on Saturday night, 24th instant, for the benefit of the Defence Fund.

FAILSWORTH. — Mr. J. Leach will deliver a lecture here on Monday evening, at half-past nine o’clock, and a collection will be made for the Defence Fund.

CARLISLE. — A public meeting will be held in the large Room of Mr. Blythe, on Monday evening at eight o’clock, for the purpose of electing delegates to the Sturge Conference.

A ball will be held on Monday, December 26th, in the large room, Shipwreck Inn, Yewgreen, for the benefit of the National Charter Association. Dancing, &c., to commence at six o’clock in the evening. Admission tickets, 4d.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE DELEGATE MEETING. — The South Lancashire delegates will meet in the Chartist Room, Brown-street, Manchester, on Sunday,(tomorrow), when it is requested that each locality will send a delegate or correspond by letter.

HALIFAX. - On Sunday evening, Mr. Butterley will lecture in the large room, Swan Coppice, at six o’clock.

SIDDALL. — On Monday evening, Mr. R. Rushton will lecture in the Association Room, Cinder Hills, at eight o’clock.

WALSALL. - A public dinner will be given to Mr. John Mason, on his liberation from prison, on Thursday, the 22th inst., at Mr. D. Standley’s, New Inn, St. John-street. Tickets, ls. 6d. each. The dinner on the table at six o’clock.
