LONDON. — Mr. Preston will lecture on the Funded System, at the Clock House, Castle-street, Golden-square, on Sunday evening.

MOSSLEY. — Mr. James Leach, of Manchester, will deliver a lecture here on Monday.

SOWERBY. — On the 26th of December there will be a ball holden at this place, the proceeds to go towards the Chartist cause. Tickets, males, threepence each ; and females, twopence each, the Number of tickets will be limited, so that an early application will be necessary. The amusements of the evening will commence at five o’clock.

Mr. Skevington, of Loughborough, will address the friends at Sheepshead, next Sunday afternoon, at two o'clock ; and the Loughborough friends in their room, at half-past six the same day.	

HINDLEY. — Mr. Isaac Barrow will preach in Hindley on the morning and afternoon of Sunday next. Those friends who have been disappointed by the former engagement not being attended to, owing to the serious illness he has suffered by the brutal treatment of a townsman of his, may make certain, God willing, that he will attend to the present arrangement. Engagements made with the friends at Ratcliffe Bridge were neglected from the same cause ; if they wish for another engagement, they will please to write without delay.

MILNROW. — Mr. Joseph Wood, from Rochdale, will preach a sermon in the Chartist Association Room, Milnrow.

KIRKHEATON. — On Sunday (to-morrow) a lecture will be delivered in the Association Room, at six o’clock.

Delegate Meeting. — A District Delegate Meeting or the Huddersfield District will be held at Dalton, on Sunday, (to-morrow,) at one o’clock precisely.

SALFORD. — On Monday after Christmas Day, the friends in Salford intend holding a tea party. Tickets 9d each.

LONDON. — On Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday nights next, Mr. David Ross, of Manchester, will deliver three lectures in the Commercial Hall. The chair to be taken at eight o’clock.

THURSTONLAND. — A lecture will be delivered in the Democratic Chapel, Thurstonland, on Sunday, Dec 18, at six o’clock in the evening, by a friend to justice and an hater of oppression. All classes are invited.

BRADFORD. - Mr. Butterly, of Halifax, will lecture in the large room, Butterworth's Buildings, on Sunday, at two o'clock in the afternoon. Admission free. 

The MEMBERS OF THE GENERAL COUNCIL will meet on Sunday, at ten o’clock. A full attendance is requested, as business commoted with the election of delegates to the Birmingham Conference will be laid before them.

The Committee of inquiry will give in their report to the Council on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock.

A PUBLIC MEETING of the Chartists of Newcastle and Gateshead will be held in the Chartists Hall, on Monday evening, when business of importance will be transacted.

MANCHESTER. — There will be an adjourned members’ meeting, on Sunday morning, at ten o’clock, in the Carpenter’s Hall, Garrett-road.
