To Mr. O’Connor’s Correspondents. - Mr. O’Connor’s letters have been all transmitted to him, and his reply is, that to answer one half would be quite impossible. He will state through the Star when he can be at Liverpool, Stalybridge, and the several other places to which he has been invited, and intends going. As to giving opinions upon long cases, it is out of his power, and he cannot undertake it. Mr. O’Connor’s health is not now in a state to admit of tours to the North; and he has chosen Bath and Bristol for an excursion, in the hope of picking up strength in a milder climate, rather than remain altogether idle, though very far from well.

MR. O'BRIEN'S ROUTE. — Mr. O’Brien lectures in Stockport to-morrow, (Sunday.) He will lecture on Monday and Tuesday, the 20th and 21st, at Keighley; on Wednesday and Thursday, the 22nd and 23rd, at Bradford; on Saturday and Monday, the 25th and 27th, at Huddersfield; and on Tuesday, the 28th, at the Pavilion in Dewsbury. Mr. O’Brien will then stop a day or two at Leeds, before starting for Newcastle upon-Tyne, to visit his glorious constituents! taking York and Sunderland en route. Mr. O’B. has not yet decided upon visiting Scotland before Spring. If his health permit, he will proceed to Glasgow and Edinburgh direct from Newcastle; otherwise not.

CITY OF LONDON. - On the 27th inst. a friendly tea, ball, and concert will take place in the Political Scientific Institute, Old Bailey. The profits, if any, will go to assist the committee to defray the expences they are at in keeping the place in the hands of the shareholders.

LONDON. — TAILORS. — Mr. Wheeler will lecture at the Three Crowns, Richmond-street, on Sunday, the 18th instant. Subject,—the Evils of a Standing Army.

CITY OF LONDON. — Mr. Farrer will lecture at 55, Old Bailey, on Tuesday next. Subject.—the Corn Laws.

HACKNEY. — Mr. Fussell will lecture at Weston’s Temperance Hotel, ou Tuesday next.

LIMEHOUSE. — Mr. Ruffey Ridley will lecture at the Association Rooms, on Tuesday next.

TAILORS. — Mr. Farrer will lecture at the Three Doves, Berwick-street, on Wednesday next.

SHOEMAKERS. — Mr. Fussell will lecture at the Northern Star Coffee Rooms, on Sunday next. Subject,—Church Property.

WALWORTH AND CAMBERWELL. — A public meeting for the adoption of the National Petition, will be held at the Montpelier Tavern, on Monday next. Messrs. Ruffy, Ridley, Wheeler, Martin, and others, will attend and address the meeting.

WESTMINSTER. — Mr. Martin will lecture at the Charter Coffee House, Stretton Ground, on Sunday next.

FINSBURY. — Mr. Stallwood will lecture at Lunt’s Coffee Room, Clerkenwell Green, on Monday next.

LAMBETH. — Mr. Stallwood will lecture at 1, China Walk, on Monday next.

TAILORS. — Mr. Fussell will lecture at the Two Chairmen, Wardour-street, on Monday next.

GLOBE FIELDS. — Mr. Knight will lecture at the Hit or Miss, 79, West-street, on Sunday evening, Dec. 19th, at eight o’clock precisely.

LAMBETH. — The shareholders of the Chartist Hall, 1, China Walk, will meet on Wednesday evening, the 22nd inst., on important business.

BRADFORD. — Mr. Smith will lecture, on Sunday night, at the Council Room, North Tavern.

MR. HODGSON will lecture at Mr. Heaton’s, Little Horton Green, on Tuesday night, at eight o’clock.

MANNINGHAM. — Mr. Arran will lecture at Brien Stead’s, on Monday night, at eight o’clock.

MR. IBBOTSON will lecture at New Leeds, on Sunday next, at five o’clock.

MR. BROOK will lecture at Smiddles, on Sunday afternoon, at five o’clook.

GREAT HORTON. — The female Chartists of this place meet on Monday evening next, when business of importance will be laid before the meeting. All the members are requested to attend.

HONLEY. — The adjourned district delegate meeting will be held on Sunday, Dec. 26th, at the house of Mr. N. Elwood, Honley, at one o’clock in the afternoon, when delegates from Huddersfield, Lepton, Burton, Shelly, Shepley, Skelmanthorpe, Almondbury, Heaton, Holmfirth, Meltham, Slaithwaite, and Marsden are expected.

SKELMANTHORPE. — Mr. Edward Clayton will lecture at Skelmanthorpe on Saturday (this day) at seven o’clock in the evening. Discussion invited.

HUDDERSFIELD. — A public meeting of the inhabitants of Huddersfield and its vicinity will be held on Tuesday evening next, the 21st inst., in the Association Room, Upperhead Row, to memorialize the Queen for the liberation of Frost, Williams, and Jones. The chair to be taken at eight o’olock.

BATH. — Feargus O’Connor, Esq. will address the people of Bath, in the Large Room, Kingsmead-square, on Monday evening next, at six o'clock precisely. Admission Two Pence each. After the meeting a SUPPER WILL TAKE PLACE, at the Grape’s Inn, Westgate-street. Tickets 1s. 6d, to be obtained of Mr Twite, 9, Philip-street. As the number ot tickets is limited, early application is necessary.

BIRMINGHAM. - A grand entertainment, consisting of a tea party and ball, will take place at the Hall of Science, Lawrence street, on Tuesday, the 28th instant, in aid of the funds of the General Committee (Birmingham) for tho restoration of Frost, Williams, and Jones. The entertainments will consist of songs, &c., which the Committee pledge themselves to make worthy the support of their friends. The proceedings to commence at five o'clock; tea at seven. Tickets one shilling each, to be had at any of the News-vendors, or of the Committee men.

MR. MASON'S ROUTE. — Birmingham, Freeman-street, on Sunday evening; Worcester, on Monday; Kidderminster, on Tuesday; Darlaston, on Wednesday; Bilston, on Thursday; Wednesbury, on Friday.

MR. W. DEAN TAYLOR'S ROUTE FOR THE ENSUING WEEK. — Sunday (to-morrow), at Nottingham; Monday, at Old Basford; Tuesday, at Nottingham; Wednesday, at Radford; and Thursday, at Carrington.

CALVERTON. — Mr. J. Sweet will lecture at Calverton, on Sunday afternoon, Dec, 19th; and at Arnold in the evening.

NEWARK. — On Sunday, Dec. 19th, Mr. G. Harrison will preach at this place, afternoon and night, and on Monday evening he will lecture at the same place.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr. Harney will lecture on Sunday evening, in the Association Room, Fig-tree Lane, at half-past six o’clock.

NOTICE. — At the weekly meeting of the Chartist body, on Monday evening next, a collection will be made to defray the cost of sending the Stars to Ireland. All friends of the cause, having old Stars on hand, are requested to bring them to the room on Monday evening. Those already collected, with any additions, will be sent off to Ireland immediately.

CHARTIST SOIREE. — The Chartists of Sheffield will hold a public tea- party on Tuesday, Dec. 28th. Mr. Bairstow is invited. Full particulars will be given in next Saturday’s Star.

THORNTON. — There will be a public meeting in the Association Room, on Saturday, Dec. 25th, at ten o’clock in the forenoon. Business of great importance will be transacted.

HOLLINWORTH. — Mr. Joseph Linney will lecture at the Chartist Room, on Sunday next.

MR. DOYLE will lecture at Simmontley, near Glossop, on Monday, the 20th inst., instead of Mottram, as advertised in his route.

MIDDLESBRO’. — A delegate meeting will be held here on Christmas Day, at ten o’clock in the forenoon, when delegates are expected from Stockton, Hartlepool, Stokesley, Yarm, Darlington, Bishop Auckland, and Middlesbro’, for the purpose of auditing the accounts, &c. for the last three months, and to consider the best means of supporting the Executive, and getting the greatest number of signatures to the National Petition.

MANCHESTER. — The Chartists of Strand-street have made arrangements for a tea-party and ball on New Year’s Eve. Ladies' tickets, 9d. each; Gentlemen’s, 1s.

STALYBRIDGE. — Mr. Joseph Linney, of Manchester, will lecture in the National Charter Association Room, Vaudrey-street, on Sunday next, at six o’clock in the evening.

MACCLESFIELD. — On Sunday (to-morrow) evening, Mr. West will deliver a lecture in the large room of the Association, Watercotes, at half-past six o’clock. Subject—“A review of Mr. Cobden’s pamphlet on Ireland.” Irishmen are earnestly invited.

BOLTON. — The Council of the Bolton National Charter Association have great pleasure in announcing to the friends of political and religious liberty, that they have at length (though with great difficulty) procured a suitable meeting place adjoining to Mr. Kirkman's Foundry, Howell Croft, Great Bolton, and hope that the friends of the cause will attend the above place on Sunday next, Dec. 19th, at half-past six o’clock in the evening, when that unflinching friend of freedom, Mr. Isaac Barrow, will deliver an opening address.

MEETING. — A public meeting will also be held in the same place on Tuesday, Dec. 21st, at half-past seven o’clock in the evening, for the purpose of memorialising the Queen for the liberation of Frost, Williams, and Jones, and all other political prisoners.

STROUD. — A public meeting will be held in the Charter Association Room, on Saturday evening, Dec. 18th, at half-past six o'clock, to adopt the National Petition. Public meetings will be held in the surrounding villages for the same laudable purpose.

CHARTIST SOIREE. — A tea-party and soiree will be held in the same room on Monday, Dec. 27th, at six o’clock in the evening. Tickets of admission to the tea-party and soiree 6d. each, to be had of the Secretary and Committee.

OLDHAM. — Mr. John Wright, of Stockport, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, on Sunday next, at six o'clock in the evening.

BURY. — Mr. Leach will address the inhabitants of this town on Monday next, at eight o’clock in the evening.

ROODEN LANE. — Mr. Campbell will address the inhabitants of Rooden Lane on Sunday evening, at six o’clock.

NEWTON HEATH. — Mr. John Bailey will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Room, on Monday evening, Dec. 20th, at eight o’clock in the evening.

DEWSBURY. — The Rev. Wm. Hill, editor of the Northern Star, will preach two sermons in the pavilion, on Sunday next, (to-morrow,) in the afternoon, at half-past two o’clock, and in the evening at six.

NOTICE. — Those places which are desirous of obtaining Mr. T. B. Smith’s services, during his intended tour in the commencement of the New Year, are requested to remember that their communications must reach him in accordance with the arrangements announced in the Star, of the 4th instant, or they cannot be attended to.

HUNSLET. — The friends here intend taking tea together in the Temperance News-room, Fleece-yard, on Christmas Day. Tickets can be obtained from any member of the council.

UPPER WORTLEY. — Mr. T. B. Smith will deliver a lecture in the Chartist-room, on Monday evening.

MR. JONES, the East and North Riding Lecturer, will visit the following places, during next week, viz. Monday, 20th, at Hull; Tuesday, 22d, at Market Weighton; Thursday, 23rd, at Holme; Friday, 24th, at Pocklington; Saturday, 25th, at York.

AN EAST AND NORTH RIDING delegate meeting will be held at Howden, on Sunday, the 26th inst., when it is particularly requested that every town in the district will send delegates, as business of the greatest importance to the cause in the above district will be brought forward; and also measures for more perfectly organising the district: every delegate must be made acquainted with the number of members in their respective localities; and those towns who cannot possibly send delegates must send every information by letter. All communications to be addressed, until Friday, the 24th, to Edward Barby, care of Wilson Inglis, news-agent, 4, Colliergate, York.

MILNROW, NEAR ROCHDALE. — Mr. John Marlow will lecture here on Sunday, the 26th instant,— Subject: the Evils that exist in Society, and the Remedy.

DEWSBURY. — The Chartists of this district intend to have a tea-party and soiree, in the large wood pavilion, Carrott’s Croft, the surplus to go towards defraying tbe expence of the erection of the pavilion, on Monday, December 27th. Several of the most popular speakers of the day are expected to attend. Tickets, 1s. each.

WEST RIDING. — The West-Riding Delegate meeting will be held on Sunday, January 2d, at ten o’clock in the forenoon, at Dewsbury.

SURREY. — The Council meet on Sunday next, at the King’s Head, Wandsworth, when a deputation from the town of Croydon will attend, to arrange the best means of getting up a public meeting in that Town to adopt the National Petition, &c., when it is requested that members will attend. The chair to be taken at four o’clock precisely.

MIDDLETON. — Mr. Griffin, of Manchester, will deliver a lecture on Monday evening, in the Reformers’ Chapel, Middleton. Subject—"The truly alarming state of the nation.” He will deliver a lecture on Total Abstinence, in the large room, Blakely-street, on Wednesday evening; after which, he will answer any questions (if he can) that may be put, or hold a friendly discussion.

HYDE. — Mr. James Mitchell, of Stockport, will lecture in Hyde, on Monday next.

HAZLE-GROVE. — Mr. Thomas Clark will lecture in Hazle-Grove, on Sunday night next, at six o’clock.