Mr. George White’s Liberation — Mr. George White will be released on Monday, January 8th, 1844 ; and will attend meetings at the following places, previous to his departure for Birmingham : - City Political and Scientific Institute, dinner, concert and ball, on Monday, January 8th ; Tower Hamlets, Tuesday, 9th ; Paddington, “ Emmett’s Brigade", Wednesday, 10th ; and at the Chartist Hall, Lambeth, Thursday 11th.

LONDON. — An harmonic meeting will be held at the Feathers, Warren-street, Tottenham-court-road, on Tuesday, Dec. 26th, 1843, at eight o’clock. The proceeds to be given to J. Williams, of Kirkdale.

United Boot and Shoe-makers, Cannon Coffee House, Old-street, St. Luke’s. — A Concert will be holden on Tuesday evening, Jan. 9th.

Golden Lion, Dean street, Soho. — On Sunday, Dec. 24th, Mr. Davoc will lecture at half-past seven precisely.

Mr. E. Mantz will lecture at the Bricklayer’s Arms, Tonbridge-street, Cromer-street, on Sunday next, at half-past seven precisely.

CITY OF LONDON POLITICAL AND SCIENTIFIC INSTITUTION. — Mr. Sherrard will deliver a lecture in the Hall of the above Institution on Sunday evening next, to commence at seven precisely.

Mr. W. Gardener will lecture at the Fox and Hounds, Hare-street, Bethnal Green, on Sunday evening next, at half past seven precisely.

CITY OF LONDON POLITICAL AND SCIENTIFIC INSTITUTION. — A public festival and ball, in aid of the funds of the above Institute, will ba holden on Tuesday next (Boxing Day)

SOUTH LONDON. —On-Sunday (to-morrow)-evening, a lecture will be delivered “On Free Hade fallacies, at the South London’ Chartist Hall,-Blackfriara’ Road. To commence at seven o’clock.

HAMMERSMITH. — A meeting will be holden at the Black Bull Inn, Hammersmith Road, on Tuesday evening next, at eight o’clock.

NOTTINGHAM. — Miss Abbot will preach a sermon in the Chartist Chapel, Rice-place, Dec. 25th at six o’clock in the evening.

Mr. H. Dormant will lecture in the Democratic Chapel, Rice Place, Nottingham, on Sunday evening next.

A Delegate Meeting will be holden in the Democratic Chapel, on Sunday next, at two o’clock precisely.

LOUGHBOROUGH. — The Chartists of this place are requested to meet at Mr. T. Swan’s, Bass-yard, Wood-gate, on Christmas day,, at eight o’olock in the evening. The friends are also requested to collect what tribute they can in their various localities and bring it on Sunday, December 31st, to the house of Mr. T. Swan, Base-yard, Wood-gate, at three in the afternoon.

The Chartists of Liversedge intend having a tea party, on Tuesday the 26th, at Littletown, for the benefit of Clisset and Sheldrake.

SHEFFIELD. — Mr. Otley will lecture in Fig-tree lane Room, on Sunday evening.

HALIFAX. - Mr. S. Kidd will deliver two lectures in the Chartist Association Room, Pellan-lane, on Sunday, to-morrow, in the afternoon at two o’clock, and in the evening at six.

MACCLESFIELD. — A tea party will be heldon in the Chartist Room, Stanley-street, on New Year’s Day, Mottram. —The members of the Chartist Association are particularly requested to meet in their room, on Sunday next, at two o'clock in the afternoon.

KEIGHLEY. — Mr. David Ross, of Leeds, will deliver two lectures in the Working Man’s Hall, Keighley, on Sunday, the 24th, (to-morrow), at two o’clock in the afternoon, and at half-past five in the evening.

On Monday, (Christmas-Day), the members and friends of the Institution will partake of tea in the hall, at Keighley, at which Mr. Ross will preside.

HEYWOOD. — Mr. Wm. Bell will deliver a lecture in the Chartist Room, Hartley-street, on Sunday morning next. On Christmas Day a tea party and ball will be holden in the above room.

MANCHESTER. — Carpenters’ Hall. —The adjourned members’ meeting will be holden in the above Hall, on Sunday (to-morrow) forenoon, at ten, o’clock.

Lecture. — A lecture will be delivered in the above Hall on Sunday (to-morrow) evening, at half-past six o’clock, by Mr. William Jones, from Liverpool.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE CONFERENCE. — A Conference of delegates from the various localities in South Lancashire, will be holden in the Association Room, Cheapside, near the Corn Exchange, Great Bolton, on Sunday, the 31st inst.

Mr. Jones, of Liverpool, will visit the following places during the next week: —Huddersfield, Tuesday, the 26th ; Halifax, Wednesday, the 27th; Todmorden, Thursday, the 28th ; Rochdale, Friday, the 29th.

MIDGLEY. — Mr. Benjamin Rushton, of Ovenden, will preach twice in the Chartist Association Room, Midgley, on Sunday, the 31st inst., at two o’clock in the afternoon, and six in the evening.

SALFORD. — Mr. Littler will lecture in the Chartist Rooms, Great George-street, Salford, on Sunday next, at half-past six o’clock in the evening.

LOCKWOOD. — A Chartist Ball will be held in the Long Room, Shipwreck Inn, on Tuesday, the 25th instant.

The Meeting between Messrs. Hobson, Calvert, and Pennington, which was noticed to come off on Sunday, the 24th inst., is further put off to Sunday, the 31st inst., as Mr. Hobson cannot attend before that time

HEBDEN BRIDGE. — A Chartist tea party and ball will be holden on Christmas Day.

MIDDLETON. — A meeting of the Chartists of this place will be holden in their Association Room, Market-street, on Monday evening, the 25th inst.

YORK. - The Chartists of York are requested to meet on Tuesday, December 26th, at the Ebor Tavern, Fossgate.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Samuel Wild will deliver two lectures in the Chartist Room, on Sunday (to-morrow), at half-past two o'clock in the afternoon, and at six o’clock in the evening. A Tea Party will be held in the Chartist Association Room, on Monday, Dec. 25th.

BURY. — Mr. John West, of Sheffield, will deliver two lectures in the Garden-street Lecture Room, on Sunday (to-morrow), at half-past two o’clock in the afternoon, and at six in the evening. A Chartist tea party will be held in the above room on Christmas Day. The following gentlemen will attend: — Mr. Isaac Barrow, of Bolton; Mr. John West, of Sheffield,; and Mr. William Dixon, of Manchester.

LONG BUCKBY, NORTHAMPTONSHIRE. — The Working Man’s Hall, Long Buckley, will be opened on the 26th inst., with a tea party and ball. Messrs. Bairstow and Parks will deliver addresses. Mr. Bairstow will lecture on the following evening.

HOLLINWOOD. — A tea party will be held in the Chartist Room, Pew Nook, Hollinwood, on Monday, the 1st of January, 1844.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday (to-morrow) Mr. William Dixon, of Manchester, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at six o’clock in the evening.

HYDE. — On Sunday, the 24th inst., a lecture will be delivered in the Working Man’s Institution, Hyde; to commence at six o’clock in the evening. The members will meet at two o’clock in the afternoon of the same day.

BRADFORD. — On Sunday evening, a lecture will be delivered in the large room, Butterworth Buildings.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE. - On Sunday evening next, Mr. Christopher Doyle will lecture in the Chartist Association Room, Bentick-street.

BOLTON. — The Chartists of Bolton are particularly requested to attend at their meeting room, Cheap-side, on Sunday evening, the 24th instant, at six o’clock.

PRESTON. — A public tea-party and ball will take place in the Chartist Association Room, Park-road, on Christmas Day.

LEEDS. — Rev. W. Y. Jackson, of Manchester, will deliver two lectures in the Bazaar, Briggate, tomorrow (Sunday) afternoon, at half-past two, and in the evening at half-past six. Mr. J. will also lecture on Monday evening, at half-past six o’clock.
