HULL. - On Christmas Day, at three o’clock in the afternoon, a lecture will be delivered at No. 8, Church Side, Hull, on the character, person, and mission of the Lord Jesus Christ, and on the teachings and tendency of the Christian Religion, in its personal, social, and political bearings, by the Rev. William Hill.

OLDHAM. — Mr. Thomas Clark, of Stockport, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Oldham, on Sunday next, at six o’olock in the evening.

ROCHDALE. — Mr. Isaac Barrow, of Bolton, will preach two sermons in the National Charter Association Room, Yorkshire-street, next Sunday, the 26th inst. Service to commence at half-past two in the afternoon, and six in the evening.

MR. HENRY SMETHURST, of Oldham, is expected to lecture on Christmas-day, at half-past two.

COVENTRY. - There will be a tea party held in the room, Park-street, on the last day of the year, for the benefit of the Association. Tea on the table at five o'clock.

STANNINGLEY. — Two sermons will be preached here on Christmas Day, at half-past ten o'clock in the morning, by Mr. R. Ross; and in the afternoon at half-past two o’olock, by Mr, J. Dewhirst.

SALISBURY. — A Chartist supper will take place on Wednesday evening, the 29th inst, at seven o’clock, in the Chartist Council Room, Beast Market. Tickets to the supper at 1s. each; may be had of Mr. Wilkinson. All friends to the cause of justice are invited to attend.

MR. W. D. TAYLOR'S Route for the ensuing week:- Nottingham, Sunday; Carlton, Monday; New Basford, Tuesday; Arnold, Wednesday; and New Lenton, Thursday.

NOTTINGHAM. — A county delegate meeting will held in the Democratic Chapel, Rice Place, Barker Gate, on Sunday, Jan. 2nd., 1842, at one o’clock precisely; for the appointment of a county missionary—Mr. W. D. Taylor’s engagement having nearly expired. Other business of importance will also be brought before the meeting. All letters, post paid, to be addressed to Mr, Wm. Russell, Secretary to the Missionary Fund, until Saturday, Jan. 1st., care of Mr. J. Sweet, Goosegate, Nottingham.

SHOREDITCH. — There will ba a meeting held at Mr. Martin’s Coffee House, 3, Church-street, every Sunday evening, at seven o’clock, to enrol members, deliver lectures, &c.

CHORLTON AND HULME. — The National Chartist Institute, York-street, near All Saints’ Sunday School, will be opened on Sunday, the 26th of December, 1841, when Mr. James Leach, will deliver two lectures on the present state of the country, and the demoralising effects of the factory system—that in the afternoon, at half-past two; and in the evening at six; discussion will be invited.

TEA PARTY AND BALL. — On New Year’s Eve, a tea party and ball will be held in the above place. Tea on the table at eight o’clock, Mr. Leach will give an address, at the close of which the ball will commence. Tickets—Ladies, ninepence; Gentlemen, one shilling.

BRADFORD. — Mr. Smyth will deliver a lecture on the Repeal of the Union and the People’s Charter, at Mr. White’s, Westgate, Manchester Road, on Sunday next, at five o’clock in the evening.

NORTH TAVERN. — Mr. Alderson will lecture on Sunday evening, at six o’clock. Mr. Smith will lecture at the Delph Hole, on Monday evening next, at eight o’clock.

DAISY HILL. — Messrs. Edwards and Ainley will lecture at this place on Sunday next, at six o’clock in the evening.

IDLE. — Mr. Ibbotson will lecture here on Monday night, at eight o’clock.

STANNINGLEY. — Mr. Hodgson will lecture here on Sunday next, at half past five o’clock.

MACCLESFIELD. — Mr. West will lecture in the Association Rooms, Watercotes, on Sunday evening next, at half-past six o’clock.

A COUNTY DELEGATE MEETING will assemble in the above rooms, at two o’clock, when it is expected from each Association in the county will be present, or otherwise a letter, and that the number of enrolled members be sent without fail.

MIDDLESBRO'. — A delegate meeting will be held on Christmas Day, at ten o’olock in the forenoon, to audit the accounts for the last three months. Also, to consider the best means of supporting the Executive, and obtaining the greatest amount of signatures to the National Petition.

UPPER WORTLEY. — Mr. Dawson, of Leeds, has kindly consented to preach, afternoon and evening, on Sunday next.

HUNSLET. — A public meeting will be held in the Temperance News Room, Fleece Yard, on Tuesday evening next, the 28th inst., to memorialise the Queen in favour of Frost, Williams, and Jones. Chair to be taken at half-past seven o’clock. Mr. T. B Smith, Mr. Joseph Stanfield, Mr. Joseph Parker, and other friends are expected to address the meeting.

HOLBECK. — Mr. T. B. Smith will deliver a lecture on the nature of man, his rights, and the best means of securing them, in the Chartist Association room, near Holbeck Bridge, on Wednesday evening, December 29th. Chair to bo taken at half-past seven o’olock.

BELPER. — There will be a delegate meeting held at the house of Mr. J. Vickers, Bridge-street, on the first Sunday in January, to commence at one o’clock in the afternoon, when important business will be transacted.

KEIGHLEY. — The Working Men’s Sunday School Festival will be held on Christmas Day. Mr. T. B. Smith, of Leeds, is engaged to attend. Mr. Smith will also preach at Keighley (D.V.) on the following Sunday.

HOLBECK. — Mr. Josh. Parker will preach two sermons in the room over Mr. Greave’s, druggist, Holbeck Bridge, on Christmas Day, at half-past two in the afternoon, and half-past six o’clock in the evening.

HEBDEN BRIDGE. — Mr. V. Jackson, of Manchester, will preach three sermons on Sunday, the 26th inst.—one at Hebden Bridge, one in Wadsworth, and the other at Mytholmroyd, at half-past ten in the morning, half-past two in the afternoon, and six o’clock in the evening. There will be a public tea party at Hebden Bridge on Monday, the 27th inst. Men’s tickets 9d., and women’s 6d.—the overplus, if any, to go to the Executive.

NOTTINGHAM. — There will be a tea party at the King George on Horseback, on Christmas Monday, for the benefit of Mr. Timothy Thatcher, sub-Secretary of the National Charter Association, who is dangerously ill, and whose family is in a destitute condition.

LONDON. — The London O’Brien Press Fund Committee are particularly requested to attend on Tuesday next, at the Dispatch Coffee House, Bride-lane, Fleet-street.

CHATHAM. — Dr. M‘Douall will lecture at Chatham on Tuesday, and at Stroud on Friday next.

SALFORD. — The members and friends will partake of tea on Christmas Day, in the Chartist Association Room. Tickets of admission, gentlemen 9d., and ladies 6d. each. Tea on the table at five o’clock precisely. Also, on New Years’ Eve, the members and friends will have a plain and fancy dress ball in the large room over the Cattle Market, in Cross-lane, Salford, for the benefit of a band, to be called the National Chartist band. Tickets of admission to the ball, gentlemen 1s., ladies 6d. each. On Sunday evening, the 25th inst., Mr. Bell, of Salford, will lecture here.

SHEFFIELD - CHARTIST SOIREE. — A public tea will be held in the Charter Association Room, Fig-tree-lane, on Tuesday, the 28th inst. Mr. Bairstow, the talented and eloquent Chartist lecturer for Derbyshire and Leicestershire will attend, and take part in the proceedings. Tickets, ladies 9d., gentlemen 1s. each, may be had of the following persons:— G. J. Harney, news-agent, 33, Campo-lane; Mr. Ludlam, do., Watson Walk; Mr. Pashley, do., Silver-street-head; Mr. Frost, do., Bridge-street; Mr. Buxton, do., South-street, Sheffield Moor; and Mr. Otley, tobacconist, do. do.

MR. BAIRSTOW will lecture in the Town Hall, on the evenings of Monday, the 27th, and Wednesday, the 29th inst.

MR. OTLEY will lecture in the Association Room, Figtree-lane, on Sunday next, at half-past six o’clock.

MR. BAIRSTOW will lecture in the Town Hall, Sheffield, on Monday evening, the 27th inst., at half-past seven o’clock. Subject—“ The nature and effects of class-legislation.”

MR. BAIRSTOW will deliver a second lecture in the Town Hall, on Wednesday, the 29th inst. Subject—"The origin, rise, progress, principles, objects, and prospects of Chartism.”

LONDON. — NOTICE. — There will be no Chartist lectures delivered in London during Christmas week, save where pre-engagements have been made.

MR. JONES will lecture at the following places during the next eleven days, viz:- On Monday, the 27th at Malton; Tuesday, at Scarbro'; Wednesday and Thursday, at Bridlington; Friday, at Market Weighton; Saturday and Sunday, at Howden; Monday, the 3rd January, at Selby; Tuesday, the 4th, at Leeds; Wednesday and Thursday, the 5th and 6th, at Knaresborough.

THE EAST AND NORTH RIDING DELEGATE MEETING will be held at Howden, on Sunday morning, at half-past ten o’clock in the forenoon. The delegates must apply to Mr. George Smith, Hailgate, Howden, on their arrival, for further information.

MIDDLESBRO’. — Mr. James Maw will address the Chartists of Darlington, on Tuesday evening, the 28th inst., in Mr. Bragg’s large room, Priestgate, at half-past seven o’olock.

DURHAM. — The Mayor, on a requisition being presented to him by the Chartists, has convened a public meeting, to be held in the Town Hall, on the 27th instant, over which his worship has promised to preside.

STOCKPORT. — Mr. John Campbell, Secretary to the Executive Council, will lecture in Stockport twice on Sunday next—once to the youths, in the afternoon, and at six o’olock to the adults.

STOCKPORT. — Mr. Griffin will address the youths of Stockport on Saturday evening.

LEEDS. — A public meeting of the inhabitants of Leeds will be holden next Monday evening, in the Chartist Room, Fish-market, to elect delegates to the forthcoming Convention.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. J. Watkins lectures here next Sunday. Subject—The accordance of the Principles of the People’s Charter with those as taught by Jesus and his Apostles.

HUDDERSFIELD. — On Saturday and Monday, the 25th and 27th days of December, 1841, two lectures will be delivered in the Philosophical Hall, Ramsden-street, Huddersfield, by Bronterre O’Brien, Esquire.

The adjourned district meeting will be held on Sunday, Dec. 26th, at Mr. C. Woods, Honley-street, at one o’clock.

ROODEN LANE, PRESTWICH. — Mr. James Leech will address the inhabitants of this place on Monday next, at seven o’clock in the evening.

A MEETING will be held in the Charter Room, Vandrey-street, Stalybridge, on Sunday next, on business of great importance.

BIRMINGHAM. — Mr. Mason will lecture in the Chartist-room, Freeman-street, on Sunday evening next. Subject—"The Constitution and Laws of the American Republic.”
