HUDDERSFIELD DISTRICT. — A delegate meeting for this district will be holden on Sunday next, in the Chartist Association Room, Honley, at one o’clock. Important business will be brought before it. The delegates to the Birmingham Conference will be there, to receive their final instructions: and it is requested that all parties who have been charged with the collecting of subscriptions towards their expences will bring in the sums they have on hand.

HOLLINWOOD. — Mr. Thomas Clarke of Stockport, will lecture in the Ralph Green Chartist room on Sunday evening next, at six o’clock.

STROUD. — A soiree a»d hall will be held at the Globe Inn, Stroud, on Monday evening, at five o’clock. Tickets may be obtained on application to the members of the council, and of Mr. J. Newman, secretary, Mr. Pritchard and other members.

SIDDALL. — On Sunday (to-morrow) Mr. Butterly will preach in the Association Room, Cinder Hills, at five o’clock in the evening.

HALIFAX. — On Sunday (to-morrow) Mr. Wallace will lecture in the large room, Swan Coppice, at six o’clock in the evening. A collection will be made towards defraying the expenses of the Birmingham Conference. On Monday evening a ball will be held in the above room. Admittance, threepence for members; non members, sixpence. The proceeds to go towards the expenses of the Birmingham delegates. The ball to commence at eight o’clock.

ASHTON. — A tea party and ball will be held in the Chartist Association Room, Charlestown, on Friday next. Tickets for ladies, 7d. ; gentlemen. 9d.; may be obtained at the following places — Mr. Hobson’s, bookseller, Old-street; Mr. Simpson clogger, Portland-street ; Mr. Mark Hutley, Stamford street ; Mr. Thomas Storer, Howard's yard ; Mr. James Wilcox, bread-baker, Turner-lane, and at the Association Room, Charles Town.	

Mr. Dickinson will lecture at Burnley, on Monday evening ; Bacup on Tuesday ; Bolton, on Wednesday ; Preston on Thursday; and Chorley on Friday.

LONDON. — Newington. —The members of this locality and the public are requested to attend at the Crown and Anchor, Crown-street, on Tuesday evening next, as business of great importance will be brought before the meeting.

MARYLEBONE. — Mr. Skelton will lecture at the Working Men’s Hall, Circus-street, on Sunday evening next, at half-past seven o’clock.	

CHARTIST HALL, 25, STAR-STREET, COMMERCIAL ROAD. — The Council of this locality are requested to meet on Monday, at three o’clock in the afternoon, to make arrangements for a ball which will be held in the evening.

Mr. Benbow will lecture in Sunday evening, at the Working Men’s Hall, 29 1/2, Mile-end Road.

SOMER'S TOWN. — On the 1st of January, a series of lectures will be commenced in the large room, up stairs, Gold Beaters’ Arms, Old-street, St, Pancras-road, at eight o’clock, Mr. Davie will lecture on the 25th inst., at the same place.

A Lecture will be delivered at 1, China-walk, Lambeth, on Tuesday next, at eight o’clock.

The United Bodies of the City Weet End shoemakers intend holding a Ball Concert and Festival on Monday Dec. 27th in aid of the Victims at the National Association Hall, Holborn. Tickets can be bad at any of the Chartist places of meeting at the Star Golden Lane or the Clock-house, Castle-street, Leicester-square.

TOXTETH PARK. — Mr. Robert Lowery of Edinburgh is to preach two sermons on Sunday in the Social Hall, and to lecture on Saturday (this evening) in the Chartist Hall, Preston-street.	

KIDDERMINSTER. — A Chartist ball will be held at the Free Mason’ Arms Inn, Kidderminster, on Tuesday December 27th,for the benefit of the National Victim fund. Tickets may be had of Mr. Holloway, Bewdly-street; Mr. Crouch, Dudley-street ; and of Mr. Jones, Blackwell-street, at 6d each.	

MOSSLEY. - Mr. James Leach of Manchester, will deliver a lecture in the Association room, on Monday evening next, subject—the “ Corn Laws.” Admission one penny each.

WALSALL. — A public dinner will be given to Mr. John Mason on Thursday next, at the house of Mr. D. Standley, the New Ian, St. John-street, Tickets one shilling and sixpence each. Dinner on table at six o’clock. Mr. O’Connor and other delegates to the conference are expected to attend.

SOWERBY. — Mr. Peter Rigby will lecture at this place on Monday at two o’clock. Mr. Rigby will also take a part in the ball which will take place in the evening of the same day.	

BRADFORD. — The Chartists of Little Horton will meet on Sunday, Christmas day, in their meeting room at two o’clock in the afternoon ; a full attendance is requested as business of importance will be laid before them.

The Chartists of Manchester-road will meet at nine o’clock on Sunday morning, and all members wanting cards can receive them at their room. 

The Chartists meeting in the council room are requested to attend at ten o'clock on Sunday morning on business of importance.	

The Chartists of Daisy Hill are requested to meet on Sunday morning at ten o’clock on business of importance.

The Chartists of Bowling Back Lane meets on Sunday morning at ten o’clock to give instructions to their council man previous to attending the council meeting at two o’clock.

DERBY. — Mr Anthony of Arnold will address the men of Derby next Sunday evening.	

STOCKPORT. — On Sunday evening next Mr. P. M. Brophy, of Salford will lecture at the Association room, at six o’clock. Admission one penny.	

HOLLINWOOD. — Mr. Thomas Clark of Stockport will lecture here on Sunday evening at six o’clock.

OLDHAM. — A recitation of tasks will take place in the Chartist room Greaves-street, on Sunday evening next at six o’clock consequenty there will be no lecture ; the proceeds to go to the Victim Fund.

HEYWOOD. — The general council resident in this place request all lecturers, not on the plan, who wish to visit here to give them one week’s notice. A lecture will be delivered in the association room, on the first of January, at six o’clock at night.

Mr. John West will deliver a lecture on Sunday evening, in the Chartist Association Room, Willow-row, Derby.

DUKINFIELD. — A tea party and ball will be held in the room at the Trafalgar, behind Mr. Harrison’s, the Old General, Crescent road, on Friday. Tea to be on the table at four o’clock. Admission, gentlemen, eightpence, and ladies, sixpence. Also on Saturday a grand concert and ball will be held in the same place. Admission, gentlemen, three-pence; and ladies, twopence.

A Delegate Meeting will be held at Accrington, at the house of Wm. Beesley, on Sunday, Jan. 1st, when all places in the North Lancashire District are requested to send delegates.	

DEWSBURY. — Mr. Ross will deliver two lectures on Sunday, in the Large Room over the Stores, to commence at half-past two o’clock, and at half-past six. A tea party will be held in the same place on Monday. Mr. Boss and other friends will be in attendance. Tickets one shilling each may be had of James Fox, Co-operative Store.

HOLMFIRTH. — Mr. Peter Rigby is expected to deliver two lectures in the Wortley-Hill School on Sunday next, in the afternoon at two o’clock, and in the evening at six o’clock.

LEEDS. - Mr. E. P. Mead is expected to preach two sermons to-morrow afternoon, at half-past two, and in the evening, at six o’clock, in the room, Cheapside.

A GENERAL COUNCIL MEETING of this district will be held on Sunday, January the 1st, in the Chartist Room, Holbeck. To commence at ten o’clock.

A public meeting of colliers will be held at Adwalton, at two o’clock in the afternoon, on Monday. The colliers of Gildersome, Churwell, Birstall, Birkenshaw, and the surrounding districts are invited to attend.

HOLBECK. — On Monday evening, at eight o’clock, there will be a raffle for a handsome volume of the Cyclopedia, (a present from Mr. Brook, of Leeds,) the whole of the proceeds will be given to the Association.
