LONDON. — National Association Hall, Holborn. —On Sunday evening, Jan. 1, Mr. Parry will deliver a lecture on the “ Results of the Birmingham Conference,” lecture to commence at half-past seven o'clock precisely.

Mr. Martin will lecture at the Star Coffee House, Golden-Jane, on Sunday, Jan. 1st.

A delegate meeting will be held at Wednesbury, on Sunday, to audit the books and other business.

HALIFAX. — On Sunday (to-morrow), Mr. A. Hanson, of Elland, will deliver a lecture in the Large Room, Swan Coppice, at six in the evening.

RADCLIFFE BRIDGE. — On Sunday next, two lectures will be delivered in the Chartist Association Room, Radcliffe Bridge, by Mr. Isaac Barrow, of Bolton, service to commence in the afternoon at two o'clock, and in the evening at six. On Tuesday, there will be a tea party, at which Mr. Leach, of Manchester, and other friends are expeetbd to be present.

BRADFORD. — On Sunday there will be a public meeting held in the large room, Butterworth’s buildings, to hear the report from the delegates of the proceedings at Birmingham Conference. The chair will be taken at two o'clock in the afternoon. There will be a collection after the meeting to defray the expences of the delegates.

BRADFORD. — The members of the Co-operative Stores will meet on Sunday evening, at six o’clock.

A Meeting of the council and Chartists of Bradford will be held in the council room, on Sunday, at two o'clock in the afternoon, to hear the report from the delegates to the Birmingham Conference.

The Members of the General Council, who are nominated for the ensuing year, will meet on Monday next, at seven o'clock in the evening, in their room, Butterworth-buildings, when it is requested every member will attend.

SALFORD. — A member’s meeting will be held next Sunday afternoon, at two o'clock, when business of importance will be laid before the meeting.

Mr. Littler will lectnre in the Chartist Room, Great George-atrect, Salford on Sunday next.

OLDHAM. — On Sunday (to-morrow) Mr. Wm. Booth, of Newton Heath, will lecture in the Chartist Room, Greaves-street, at six o’clock in the evening.

CARRINGTON. — There will be a public meeting here on Sunday evening next, in Mr. Lees large room, Mansfield-road, at seven o'clock, when Mr. Harrison will give an account of his mission at the Birmingham Conference.

Mr. R. G. Gammage of Northampton, will lecture at the following places during next week: — Reading, Tuesday; Oxford, Wednesday; Banbury, Thursday; Shutford, Friday and Sunday.

KIRKHEATON. — The Chartists of this locality will have a tea party on Friday evening; tea to be on the table at five o'clock. Ladies' tickets 6d., gentlemen's 9d, may be had of Thomas Stringer, jun., Sants; Benjamin Jamieson, Square ; and William Hogson, Town.

Mr. Thomas Ibbotson, local lecturer, of Bradford, will visit the following places during next week: — Huddersfield, Sunday afternoon and evening; Monday at Honley; Tuesday, at Holmfirth ; Wednesday, at Kirkheaton, at each place at eight o'clock in the evening.


